[
    {
        "content": "<p>Calling all committers to the genomics-reporting IG.  I know we typically don't have our calls the week after the WGM, but I would like to propose we have a call and working session during our normal time on Tuesday, Sep 24.  We can talk through a plan to publish.  Please respond here if you are interested.</p>",
        "id": 176371785,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1569247992
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to attend tomorrow</p>",
        "id": 176371969,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1569248087
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i wanted to ask the same, +1 for tomorrows call.</p>",
        "id": 176376466,
        "sender_full_name": "Patrick Werner",
        "timestamp": 1569250821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will try to get all Gforge Tickets from the WG minutes created until tomorrow &amp; update the \"todos before publishing\" list.</p>",
        "id": 176378386,
        "sender_full_name": "Patrick Werner",
        "timestamp": 1569251997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I really missed it. Didn't I...Okay. as stated elsewhere the only thing on my todo list is the query example page. I'll submit a merge request very soon (6 to 8 hours).. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191451\">@Patrick Werner</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@James Jones</span> we still looking at version 0.9 followed by version 1.0 the difference being additional text on the header of important profiles? e.g. on variant, to borrow Jamie's nomenclature, I was planning statement such as 'The profile here is meant to convey the sequence details of the variant. For HGVS three components are available depending on the source molecule. If ....' intending to be redundant with the glossary and background. (PS I'm not worried about the time for writings sake. I spun off a 30 page IRB proposal in 6 hours, the header sections will be finished soon. But we need time to run the wording past the WG).</p>",
        "id": 176717748,
        "sender_full_name": "Bret H",
        "timestamp": 1569558664
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In terms of freezing a 0.9 version and going over the wording with technical writers before publishing a 1.0, this hasn't been widely discussed yet.</p>",
        "id": 176783582,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1569616169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we have an updated list for pre-publication items yet? Don't see any other new trackers yet, trying to send agenda out</p>",
        "id": 176783870,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1569616391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From our notes on Tuesday: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g4oZRIq7QO5msh4H9ToGfyq1ekx9UP1C-Vcph8OKrEc/edit\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g4oZRIq7QO5msh4H9ToGfyq1ekx9UP1C-Vcph8OKrEc/edit\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g4oZRIq7QO5msh4H9ToGfyq1ekx9UP1C-Vcph8OKrEc/edit#</a></p>\n<p>Just remove all must-supports? (Need a vote on the tracker. Jamie.)<br>\nRemove Observation.interpretation 0..0 (need tracker) (Need a tracker. Patrick)<br>\nNeed to send out the 9 trackers, call out the submitter, and ask if they wish to withdraw / defer to next ballot.  If not, we should plan to apply, and need someone to assign to each one. (Patrick) - I did this earlier in the week.<br>\nNames and headings<br>\nSpreadsheet can capture Title and Computable names (Kevin - follow-up with Lloyd) - I did this earlier in the week.<br>\nUpdate Queries -- Bret H did work at Connectathon? -- Bret commited a change.<br>\nAdd variant component for Allele origin (Kevin) - I prepared a proposal, waiting on Bret H to update/confirm.</p>",
        "id": 176786732,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1569618853
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>updated/confirmed proposal on add variant component for Allele origin.</p>",
        "id": 176803821,
        "sender_full_name": "Bret H",
        "timestamp": 1569639335
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI: It was discussed that more technical writing could be useful to implementers. I'll send out drafts for the WG to comment on. These are not to hold up our publication - but as they are editorial in nature and do not change the structure, only adding text to aid implementers, Jaime, Patrick and I thought about doing a second publication quickly after the first to include the text. But it will take a bit before the WG approves the text. No official action or gefore tracker.</p>",
        "id": 176803910,
        "sender_full_name": "Bret H",
        "timestamp": 1569639495
    }
]