[
    {
        "content": "<p>The ONC just created pages to \"educate their workforce on FHIR\" :  <a href=\"https://www.healthit.gov/topic/standards-technology/standards/fhir-fact-sheets\">https://www.healthit.gov/topic/standards-technology/standards/fhir-fact-sheets</a>  ... the first link to FHIR on the page takes you here:  <a href=\"http://www.hl7.org/fhir/\">http://www.hl7.org/fhir/</a>  and this is where the genomics link still takes you to a very confusing and inappropriate page rather than our IG.  Last week I saw a post from a very high level executive at Microsoft where he mentioned genomics standards and he linked to the same \"incorrect\" page.  I know that we discussed putting the dragon and clear color indicator with message saying this is deprecated material do not use (then providing a link to the proper page).  What is the status of that? Are we waiting for a new release of FHIR? Is there any way our WG can see a mock-up of the page clearly stating it is deprecated?</p>",
        "id": 235741768,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1619122944
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What shows up there will get replaced with what's showing up here: <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/2021mar/\">http://hl7.org/fhir/2021mar/</a> as soon as ballot reconciliation is complete and it's ready to publish (probably a couple of months away)</p>",
        "id": 235752761,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619127636
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The 4B genomics page is still largely focused on the deprecated artifacts. The updates we put on that page are not set to show up until R5.</p>",
        "id": 235753647,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1619128076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  the page I am concerned about is this one.. <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/2021mar/genomics.html\">http://hl7.org/fhir/2021mar/genomics.html</a>   - Jamie thanks for clarifying that the changes will be made with R5. 4B is being balloted now.. right? Do we know when R5 will be balloted?</p>",
        "id": 235754542,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1619128537
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In R4B, we can't remove the content nor deprecate it.  All we can do is adjust the wording of the note that points to the IG.  R4B must remain strictly substitutable for R4.  R5, on the other hand, you're free to yank out all the genomics profiles from the core spec entirely.  (They were never normative, so there's no need to even deprecate them.)  You're also free to re-write the page.</p>",
        "id": 235757773,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619130336
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> what would the timeline be for R5? If the committee felt this was more urgent, could an appeal be made to the Board to update the page sooner?</p>",
        "id": 235757890,
        "sender_full_name": "Bob Dolin",
        "timestamp": 1619130405
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>R5 will likely be published in mid 2022 - assuming we adhere to the current schedule.</p>\n<p>This doesn't seem like a board-level decision.  From a formal process perspective, deprecating or removing artifacts isn't a technical correction.  So we'd need a whole new release of FHIR.   In theory, we could do an STU update process that doesn't require a full ballot, but it's still a significant amount of effort to perform - at a time when we barely have enough energy to get R4B and R5 done.  I expect the FMG would push back hard at the notion of another interim release just to formally deprecate/remove artifacts that'll be removed in a year where there's already clear text at the top of the page pointing implementers elsewhere.</p>",
        "id": 235758775,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619130851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I thought <a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-28620\">FHIR#28620</a> would change the header note(s) in R4.  It's still unresolved.</p>",
        "id": 236039365,
        "sender_full_name": "Joel Schneider",
        "timestamp": 1619328444
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It wasn't flagged as an R4B issue.  You might be able to lean on OO to get it applied as part of R4B.</p>",
        "id": 236075204,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619366635
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@Jamie Jones</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191451\">@Patrick Werner</span>    what can we do to \"lean on\" OO to get this included as part of R4B. We keep discussing how important this is, then somehow it drops through the cracks. We have a chance to make a significant different to keep people from using the wrong info for our IG. How can we make this happen?  Thanks!</p>",
        "id": 236113067,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1619405103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We were also hoping to have it applied to R4 proper.</p>",
        "id": 236157610,
        "sender_full_name": "Joel Schneider",
        "timestamp": 1619436823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Adding <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191969\">@John David Larkin Nolen</span> to get OO perspective.</p>",
        "id": 236177350,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1619445170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>R4B is going to be the next version of R4.</p>",
        "id": 236210444,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619457273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  sorry if this is well understood.. but what version of FHIR is being balloted now? If not R4B, do we know when R4B will be balloted?</p>",
        "id": 236218395,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1619460372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>R4B ballot is complete.  Reconciliation is currently underway.  R5 ballot is now open (as 'for comment').  'Real' R5 ballot will open in August.</p>",
        "id": 236240035,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1619470042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191969\">@John David Larkin Nolen</span>  Has there been any movement on this item? In the last meeting where it was discussed, you said you were going to put it at top of the agenda in bold <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 239125768,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1621271182
    }
]