[
    {
        "content": "<p>Placeholder for WGM topics</p>",
        "id": 206589531,
        "sender_full_name": " Bob Milius",
        "timestamp": 1597159702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hope this is OK, but wanted to start this conversation by posting what was discussed on today's call (I missed the call, but this is from the notes)</p>\n<p>May - continue discussion with Swapna with LOINC - need to contact for availability<br>\nBob - look up old minutes to prioritize topics, summarize and email or post to zulip<br>\nArthur - look at whole IG, examples, identify what needs to be updated<br>\nPatrick - interested in order entry, what does it mean to order a panel. Need examples. Need guidance.<br>\nBob - need to provide specific guidance around ServiceRequst codes and DR codes.<br>\nAnand (Clinical Architecture) - wholehearted agreement in need for examples<br>\nfocusing on variant right now<br>\nstandard genetic test data<br>\ninterested in retrospective reports<br>\nwill provide examples of their needs<br>\nArthur - need a session on IM at WGM and implications on the IG<br>\nMay - revisit tooling, delve into IG authoring tool options<br>\nright now we're editing SDs<br>\nKevin (from zulip) - I know the meeting is going on, but while I am on my conflict call, but for WGM topics, don't forget we can/should do a review of pending JIRAs. Discuss resolution, and perhaps even vote on some<br>\nJamie - finish work on implication (current Jira tickets)<br>\nArthur - be clear on which zulip stream to discuss this<br>\nPlease add your ideas about WGM topics to this zulip stream<br>\n<a href=\"#narrow/stream/179197-genomics/topic/Sep.202020.20WGM.20Topics\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179197-genomics/topic/Sep.202020.20WGM.20Topics</a> <br>\nBret - can we work through an example during one session?<br>\nJamie - can put through an example of something that has been figured out<br>\nBret - can we record the intro session?<br>\nJamie - can create more slides for intro/teaching. We created some for DevDays<br>\nPatrick - need to update those slides<br>\nJamie - have a session on mCode or another external effort?<br>\nArthur - update on eMerge?<br>\nJamie - Sync 4 Genes?<br>\nArthur - review v2 LRI genetics examples - can we convert each to FHIR without losing information?</p>",
        "id": 206616045,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1597172160
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Adding to one point that came up further in the notes--we could go through intro slides covering the IG and some major use cases and examples for newcomers. We could build it out from materials we've presented at DevDays in the past and may even want to add a link to a slidedeck to the IG itself--the bulk data IG does this, though we may want to host it on confluence rather than somebody's google account</p>",
        "id": 206620299,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1597174293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also we still need to cover how our joint with O&amp;O and FHIR-I are structured - who is hosting, is anything else happening in 'our room' during, and talking points</p>",
        "id": 206620503,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1597174401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This has been captured to some extent in previous notes, but I wanted to create a clear statement for an area that I feel is critical to prepare for the WGM and then discuss  (BTW - sorry to have missed the last few Tuesday Meetings -I have had unavoidable conflicts - suddenly 8am my time - has become a very active time for important meetings). </p>\n<p>I feel very strongly that we need to provide clear guidance on how to use the IG. One way to do this (and I would like to discuss others with the team if possible) is to ( Note: I am using the  Patient  resource as the example for all of these)</p>\n<ol>\n<li>\n<p>Within Content Pages; <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/patient.html#maternity\">http://hl7.org/fhir/patient.html#maternity</a></p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Detailed Descriptions Pages <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/patient-definitions.html\">http://hl7.org/fhir/patient-definitions.html</a></p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>An examples page where we should show the most common Lab Tests (Here are examples for Patient) <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/patient-examples.html\">http://hl7.org/fhir/patient-examples.html</a><br>\nIncluding  --- Panel, ACMG Genes,PGx,Targeted gene such as Cystic Fibrosis, Carrier Screening, CDC-1,  Somatic testing (Oncology Reports, Exome, WGS etc...  ---  of course, everyone should add to this list so that we get a complete set of what we feel are the most common use cases for your organization or what you know of the field.</p>\n</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 208237355,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1598543820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I created a Jira tracker for the item above - sorry, but don't have the # handy and I am not good at using Jira. Just noting that there is now a tracker items associated with above request/suggestion.</p>",
        "id": 209015336,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1599160123
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196476\">@Arthur Hermann</span> -- There is some help for JIRA here: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=11501600#c4472ec9-1ffa-4734-835d-ea12286e013e-31686915\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=11501600#c4472ec9-1ffa-4734-835d-ea12286e013e-31686915</a> (can't vouch for them, but might be worth a review)</p>",
        "id": 209023868,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1599164080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It appears that the first session we have scheduled overlaps with a portion of the plenary. Can someone verify if what I am seeing in my calendar is correct?  Plenary is 6:45 to 9:30 PT and our session is 9:00 to 10:30 PT...</p>",
        "id": 210283310,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600272074
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You are correct <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196476\">@Arthur Hermann</span> , I just noticed that this morning as well.  Not sure where the disconnect was to be honest, but I don't think we are the only WG in this situation - there are <strong>many</strong> groups that have sessions with the same 30 minute overlap.</p>\n<p>On the Plenary agenda the overlapped session is listed as \"Closing Comments\" - I would say I am OK with dropping off the Plenary and getting started with our CG session.  What do others think?</p>",
        "id": 210284316,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600272495
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If it is only closing comments - then likely not a problem --  personally I have to be there if  Walter Suarez (HL7 Chair) is giving those comments since he is now my manager <span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>",
        "id": 210289198,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600274864
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry for second comment - all the more reason we will likely want to allow for \"spill over\" of  the focus of this session (examples for IG) into the next  WG session</p>",
        "id": 210289418,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600274982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I volunteered for chairing that first session, and think we can do some less formal introductions and WGM-procedural discussions based on whoever is in attendance at the 9am PT start time, expecting that some folks may be joining late as they review the schedules.</p>",
        "id": 210452891,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1600377527
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi all!  Sorry to request this again, but would it be possible to swap our mCODE update/Tooling discussion (Session 6) with the JIRA review (Session 5). i.e.: move this to Tuesday afternoon.  <br>\nReason is that the CIC scheduled a joint working session with the CIMI group on Wednesday morning to provide an mCODE update and review/block vote for mCODE STU1 JIRA issues.  Because it's a joint session, it's harder to change on their side.  Also, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191447\">@Mark Kramer</span> would like to be present for the Tooling discussion so he can address any questions regarding FHIR Shorthand/SUSHI.</p>",
        "id": 210745568,
        "sender_full_name": "May Terry",
        "timestamp": 1600697055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That is probably OK, but the WG can discuss in our first session (in about 2 hours from now)</p>",
        "id": 210746518,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600697464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is a dumb question... are we supposed to use the Whoova this to participate in the WGM? Or is there some special Zoom?</p>",
        "id": 210748265,
        "sender_full_name": "Liz Amos",
        "timestamp": 1600698145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Both! We'll use Whova to access the special zoom :)</p>",
        "id": 210748400,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1600698216
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Per our discussion today re: examples - I had forgotten - but I believe this example is showing a series of errors (unless I am misunderstanding it). Can we put this on the priority list of exmples to review? <a href=\"http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/genomics-reporting/DiagnosticReport-report-CYP2C19.json.html\">http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/genomics-reporting/DiagnosticReport-report-CYP2C19.json.html</a></p>",
        "id": 210813786,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600731625
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you're referring to the \"This Observation could not be resolved\" error in &lt;text /&gt; then I think it could be because the IG publisher might not be supporting the rendering of contained resources in the generated narrative.  That might not be necessarily be a problem with the actual coded part of the example but related to a limitation in the IG publisher.</p>",
        "id": 210814144,
        "sender_full_name": "May Terry",
        "timestamp": 1600731982
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it possible to show a walk through via screensharing during WGM?</p>",
        "id": 210862664,
        "sender_full_name": "Dora Walter",
        "timestamp": 1600777900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A walk through of what exactly <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"195522\">@Dora Walter</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 210862852,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600777996
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And I will take a closer look at that example</p>",
        "id": 210862913,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600778041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>maybe it is me, but it is harder to understand someone problems without pictures oder screenshots of a problem.</p>",
        "id": 210863247,
        "sender_full_name": "Dora Walter",
        "timestamp": 1600778194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ahh got ya. So you just mean see the example and look at the problems with it?</p>",
        "id": 210864270,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600778728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a section during our WGM during the Plenary where we can confirm that all of the Emerge issues have been responded to? If not, can we prioritize those issues? Perhaps this is work to do off-line then bring back to the working group. Emerge has an excellent list of these issues which can be found here:  <a href=\"https://emerge-fhir-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/issues_and_resolutions.html\">https://emerge-fhir-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/issues_and_resolutions.html</a></p>",
        "id": 210888971,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600789169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We invited EMERGE to give an update at the WGM but they didn't take us up on the invite.</p>",
        "id": 210890615,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600789890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are still a few JIRAs pending from Mullai and Larry from EMERGE?</p>",
        "id": 210890677,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600789919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192302\">@May Terry</span> - Can we have the slides you presented yesterday?</p>",
        "id": 211003425,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600868244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would like to add them to the notes.</p>",
        "id": 211003444,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600868256
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192198\">@Bob Freimuth</span> - Can we have the S4G slides you presented?</p>",
        "id": 211003602,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600868311
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192008\">@Grant Wood</span> - Can we have a link the Pedigree mapping document you presented?</p>",
        "id": 211003666,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600868346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Liz already added her slides to the minutest. thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"194730\">@Liz Amos</span> ! <span aria-label=\"thank you\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f64f\" role=\"img\" title=\"thank you\">:thank_you:</span></p>",
        "id": 211004226,
        "sender_full_name": "Patrick Werner",
        "timestamp": 1600868572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> Yup. I confirmed with ONC they are able to be shared. I'll upload somewhere.</p>",
        "id": 211004677,
        "sender_full_name": "Bob Freimuth",
        "timestamp": 1600868749
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> - mCODE update and tooling slides posted to the  Q6 minutes: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90899714#CG202009WGMMinutes-Quarter3:14:00-15:30ET(Q6)\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90899714#CG202009WGMMinutes-Quarter3:14:00-15:30ET(Q6)</a>.</p>",
        "id": 211019606,
        "sender_full_name": "May Terry",
        "timestamp": 1600874901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> - follow-up to our knowledgebase discussion, here is the URL to the mCODE Knowledge base which we had created with support from Josh Procious, who initially created the space for us. <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/COD/Knowledge+Base+-+mCODE\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/COD/Knowledge+Base+-+mCODE</a></p>",
        "id": 211060463,
        "sender_full_name": "May Terry",
        "timestamp": 1600894153
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UAtSLBEQ_7ePRLvDPRpoFpiXnl6VQEJXL2eQByEmfGY/edit?usp=sharing\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UAtSLBEQ_7ePRLvDPRpoFpiXnl6VQEJXL2eQByEmfGY/edit?usp=sharing</a></p>\n<p>Just a reminder to all that this is a GA4GH working document comments and<br>\nfeedback ar welcome.</p>\n<p>Grant</p>",
        "id": 211067689,
        "sender_full_name": "Grant Wood",
        "timestamp": 1600898546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192302\">@May Terry</span> -- Here is the link to our IG in GitHub (in case you didn't already find it): <a href=\"https://github.com/HL7/genomics-reporting\">https://github.com/HL7/genomics-reporting</a></p>",
        "id": 211069254,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600899525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192198\">@Bob Freimuth</span>  did you post your slides? If so, can you clarify where??  Thanks so much.. it was a great presentation....</p>",
        "id": 211194073,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1600984243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192198\">@Bob Freimuth</span> - In your case, we are looking for slides for both S4G and IM updates.</p>",
        "id": 211196202,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1600985779
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for the reminder and your patience.  Slides uploaded, links added to the minutes.</p>",
        "id": 211211239,
        "sender_full_name": "Bob Freimuth",
        "timestamp": 1600999411
    }
]