[
    {
        "content": "<p>Earlier this week at the WGM, we voted to update the Genomics Guidance Page (<a href=\"https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-27159\">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-27159</a>). Current landing page is here: <a href=\"http://build.fhir.org/genomics.html\">http://build.fhir.org/genomics.html</a>. Draft revisions are here: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/139W4FZ2U2w7fk2zcjqT15-_PdgBgiql_bswlXXu3nmo/\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/139W4FZ2U2w7fk2zcjqT15-_PdgBgiql_bswlXXu3nmo/</a>.</p>",
        "id": 211268485,
        "sender_full_name": "Bob Dolin",
        "timestamp": 1601045789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Great! <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@Jamie Jones</span> who do we contact to get this into the build, FMG?</p>",
        "id": 211593354,
        "sender_full_name": "Patrick Werner",
        "timestamp": 1601368199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should be able to do our own PR and then have someone merge it. For the PR I did to pull the old artifacts out Eric Haas reviewed and merged</p>",
        "id": 211605431,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1601376922
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On first read through I think it looks great</p>",
        "id": 211636613,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1601393038
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to give it some screen time Monday for a more official wg stamp</p>",
        "id": 211636675,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1601393055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ironing out agendas for next week, looks like this will be covered Tuesday, 10/6, not Monday.</p>",
        "id": 211953715,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1601577018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191913\">Kevin Power</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179197-genomics/topic/Updated.20Genomics.20Guidance.20page/near/211605431\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We should be able to do our own PR and then have someone merge it. For the PR I did to pull the old artifacts out Eric Haas reviewed and merged</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>against what? Is there a R4B branch?</p>",
        "id": 211959377,
        "sender_full_name": "Patrick Werner",
        "timestamp": 1601579429
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, to be clear, the updates Bob D are proposing to the Genomics Guidance page will ONLY go into R5.  The R4B updates will ONLY be the extra warning at the top of all the pages/artifacts.</p>",
        "id": 211964872,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1601581907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191913\">@Kevin Power</span> - would it be possible at some point, during a meeting,  to clarify what can be done outside of FHIR release (such as R5) and what can be done outside of such a release. This may inform which efforts we undertake, when ..... Frankly I didn't realize that we are so beholden to the FHIR release schedule at this point (and I am very surprised that something like the language on our IG guidance page is included in that).  Since  FHIR releases will not be frequent, it will slow down the release of anything related to such releases, thus the possible prioritization.. thanks...</p>",
        "id": 212356093,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1601931632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The \"Guidance page\" is in core, along with the MolecularSequence resource and several extensions and examples we created in the past. These items require core publication cycles.</p>\n<p>Other artifacts, including our IG, do have to adhere to one of the HL7 ballot cycles for publication updates, but are free to mature independently.</p>",
        "id": 212356619,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1601931900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@Jamie Jones</span> said <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 212358378,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1601932840
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@Jamie Jones</span>  - Good to know.... I guess my point is ... if we can avoid making changes to \"core\" items - that would be wonderful moving forward, and I don't understand why certain items are core (such as the \"several extensions\" and examples you mention) Why those examples for instance... Is there a way to create these so that they are not part of core, as we move forward??</p>",
        "id": 212359376,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1601933402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep, that is one of the main reasons they introduced IGs! We haven't proposed adding anything new to core since R3, have just been slowly working through QA on what's there from before as some said they were using it</p>",
        "id": 212360180,
        "sender_full_name": "Jamie Jones",
        "timestamp": 1601933921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Got it... so these are just artifacts that became part of core - not the intention to create more \"artifacts\" as part of core moving forward.. please correct me if I misunderstand</p>",
        "id": 212360310,
        "sender_full_name": "Arthur Hermann",
        "timestamp": 1601934018
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yup, more what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196553\">@Jamie Jones</span> said <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> We will use the IG as much as we possibly can going forward, and we will not put more into Core than we have too.  IG's are not allowed to create new resources, so we can't define MolecularSequence in the IG.  It must be in FHIR Core. Things like extensions would only be defined in FHIR Core if we imagine someone wanting to use them outside of our IG.</p>",
        "id": 212360569,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1601934194
    }
]