---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Agenda item for June 24 call · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html">Agenda item for June 24 call</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="168615956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168615956" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168615956">(Jun 20 2019 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span>  and I want to bring the following agenda item to the next meeting:</p>



<a name="168616854"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168616854" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168616854">(Jun 20 2019 at 17:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Structured Documents has agreed in principle to transfer ownership of DocumentReference to OO.  However, due to its broad scope OO thinks that FHIR-I may be a more appropriate home for it.</p>
<ul>
<li>If FHIR-I decides that DocRef fits better in the OO domain, then OO will vote to assume ownership of DocRef and follow up  with FMG.</li>
<li>On the other hand, if  FHIR-I decides DocRef fits better in the FHIR-I domain, then OO will inform SD so they can reopen the issue to transfer ownership to FHIR-I.</li>
</ul>



<a name="168617024"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168617024" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168617024">(Jun 20 2019 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>See this discussion for changes in docref scope: <a href="#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Merged.20Media.20into.20DocRef.20for.20R5" title="#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Merged.20Media.20into.20DocRef.20for.20R5">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Merged.20Media.20into.20DocRef.20for.20R5</a></p>



<a name="168617259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168617259" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168617259">(Jun 20 2019 at 17:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>related indirectly  -- DocumentManifest will likely quickly be relinquished by StructDoc too. It is even less of a structure document thing than DocumentReference.. And I think DocumentManifest would be better managed by FHIR-I... (which might decide that DocumentManifest is really just a type of List, and thus remove DocumentManifest from FHIR).</p>



<a name="168876199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876199">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Where is today's call <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1454">@FHIR-I Co-chairs</span>  ?</p>



<a name="168876309"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876309" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876309">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>good question, I am there, but not a presenter</p>



<a name="168876346"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876346" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876346">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://join.freeconferencecall.com/fhir" target="_blank" title="https://join.freeconferencecall.com/fhir">https://join.freeconferencecall.com/fhir</a></p>



<a name="168876358"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876358" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876358">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>here, I assume....</p>



<a name="168876426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876426" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876426">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Huh, last time we moved away to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191407">@Rick Geimer</span>'s GoToMeeting.</p>



<a name="168876435"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876435" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876435">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, I don;t know about that</p>



<a name="168876454"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876454" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876454">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah, I see Rick skyped about it.</p>



<a name="168876457"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876457" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876457">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>will try to paste here.</p>



<a name="168876530"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168876530" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168876530">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/679153685" target="_blank" title="https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/679153685">https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/679153685</a></p>



<a name="168877634"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168877634" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168877634">(Jun 24 2019 at 19:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> FYI</p>



<a name="168884525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20June%2024%20call/near/168884525" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20June.2024.20call.html#168884525">(Jun 24 2019 at 20:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>I got "Invalid meeting ID" on that GTM - I had also tried the original one and no one was there so I assumed it was probably was cancelled (I couldn't check at the time)</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
