---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Atlanta Meeting · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta.20Meeting.html">Atlanta Meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="175836575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta%20Meeting/near/175836575" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta.20Meeting.html#175836575">(Sep 16 2019 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>PA has a note in their agenda to send a representative to the Q4 FHIR I session (workflow) does anyone have any specific reasons for a PA rep to come along?</p>



<a name="175836740"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta%20Meeting/near/175836740" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta.20Meeting.html#175836740">(Sep 16 2019 at 18:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span></p>



<a name="175837116"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta%20Meeting/near/175837116" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Atlanta.20Meeting.html#175837116">(Sep 16 2019 at 18:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>PA will care about being able to define and document workflows and will also care about the patterns.  So it would be good to have a representative</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
