---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Ballot Preparation · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot.20Preparation.html">Ballot Preparation</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153984491"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot%20Preparation/near/153984491" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot.20Preparation.html#153984491">(Aug 09 2018 at 20:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>one other task for tomorrow's call: review all the STU notes in normative content</p>



<a name="153984523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot%20Preparation/near/153984523" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot.20Preparation.html#153984523">(Aug 09 2018 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>PA Updated the one on the Patient page about merge, removing the term STU from it, and clarifying the text. Not sure if you want to cover that too for consistency</p>



<a name="153984525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot%20Preparation/near/153984525" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot.20Preparation.html#153984525">(Aug 09 2018 at 22:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>PA did, thanks. but it turns out that FHIR-I needs to do the same</p>



<a name="153984961"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot%20Preparation/near/153984961" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Ballot.20Preparation.html#153984961">(Aug 10 2018 at 14:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>security - signature - stu note is still good.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
