---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Mentoring and Workgroup call prep · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring.20and.20Workgroup.20call.20prep.html">Mentoring and Workgroup call prep</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="240557108"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring%20and%20Workgroup%20call%20prep/near/240557108" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring.20and.20Workgroup.20call.20prep.html#240557108">(May 28 2021 at 03:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>At this week's working group meeting, we decided to try running a pre-call prep session to triage issues and develop resolutions on tracker items, so our calls can run more smoothly. The idea was to recruit folks looking for more HL7 experience/mentorship, and get them involved with these sessions. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  you mentioned an existing mentorship program that we might want to plug into or advertise with?</p>



<a name="240663411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring%20and%20Workgroup%20call%20prep/near/240663411" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring.20and.20Workgroup.20call.20prep.html#240663411">(May 28 2021 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>The mentorship option was something that we were going to talk about with FMG Thur Q4, but I forgot to mention it (and we ran out of time).  I'll bring it up with FMG on Wed and we can decide where it goes from there.</p>



<a name="240669411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring%20and%20Workgroup%20call%20prep/near/240669411" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Mentoring.20and.20Workgroup.20call.20prep.html#240669411">(May 28 2021 at 22:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks!</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
