---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Publisher impacting change process · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html">Publisher impacting change process</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="260683549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260683549" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260683549">(Nov 08 2021 at 16:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>On TSC just now we mentioned a FHIR-I call tomorrow at 5p ET.  <span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1454">@FHIR-I Co-chairs</span> can someone share background and a link here?</p>



<a name="260683812"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260683812" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260683812">(Nov 08 2021 at 16:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>This is supposedly the "last meeting" in a FHIR-I series, but Rick and I haven't been following this</p>



<a name="260683851"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260683851" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260683851">(Nov 08 2021 at 16:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>TSC has indicated they would like to be present at this meeting.</p>



<a name="260684902"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260684902" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260684902">(Nov 08 2021 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think this might be related to <a class="stream" data-stream-id="196008" href="/#narrow/stream/196008-ig-publishing-requirements">#ig publishing requirements</a></p>



<a name="260686084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260686084" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260686084">(Nov 08 2021 at 17:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think you're right, and the TSC question is about the process governing changes like this</p>



<a name="260690307"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher%20impacting%20change%20process/near/260690307" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Publisher.20impacting.20change.20process.html#260690307">(Nov 08 2021 at 17:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>This was under discussion in several streams, I believe:<br>
<a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/Publisher-impacting+Change+Process">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/Publisher-impacting+Change+Process</a></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
