---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Recordings / minutes · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings.20.2F.20minutes.html">Recordings / minutes</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="216908574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings%20/%20minutes/near/216908574" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings.20.2F.20minutes.html#216908574">(Nov 16 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Another topic for discussion in FHIR-I -- I want to bring up the idea of routinely recording calls and posting these publicly so folks can review later (given the <a href="#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/custom.20operation.20naming">conversation</a> with Jens about a decision from a recent call, I realize recordings can play an important complementary role alongside minutes).</p>



<a name="216936866"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings%20/%20minutes/near/216936866" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings.20.2F.20minutes.html#216936866">(Nov 16 2020 at 21:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Saw this too late to act on it today, but will try to remember to do so going forward</p>



<a name="216975470"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings%20/%20minutes/near/216975470" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> René Spronk <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/Recordings.20.2F.20minutes.html#216975470">(Nov 17 2020 at 08:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>That would be useful for some WGM sessions as well. I still don't know the outcomes of the GraphDefinition meeting held during the last WGM - it was held at 1am my time, and not having a backyard shed like Grahame, I couldn't burden my family with a call at that hour of the day..</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
