---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · WGM agenda · fhir/infrastructure-wg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/index.html">fhir/infrastructure-wg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html">WGM agenda</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="210090578"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210090578" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210090578">(Sep 15 2020 at 04:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Full FHIR agenda is here: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+WGM+Agenda+2020-09">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+WGM+Agenda+2020-09</a><br>
Key FHIR-I topic sessions are scheduled as follows:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mon 18:00 - CapabilityStatement rework</li>
<li>Tue 18:00 - Future of GraphDefinition</li>
<li>Wed: 14:00 - Review patterns</li>
<li>Thur 18:00 - Subscription</li>
<li>Fri: 14:00 R5 planning<br>
All times in Eastern</li>
</ul>



<a name="210424399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210424399" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ron Shapiro <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210424399">(Sep 17 2020 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>there is a discrepancy in the Whova schedule... it has Wed (Review patterns) listed as 18:00 ET and Fri (R5 planning) listed as 16:00 ET, not 14:00 ET ... I assume Whova schedule wins, since the Zoom meetings are driven by that</p>



<a name="210440011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210440011" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210440011">(Sep 17 2020 at 19:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>At least on Wednesday, 16:00 ET is for the plenary session...</p>



<a name="210623692"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210623692" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210623692">(Sep 19 2020 at 16:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you any topic other than the 5 listed above, please let me know. I will add to the agenda.</p>



<a name="210772588"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210772588" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michael Donnelly <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210772588">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>The agenda lists Patient Administration doing FHIR Trackers from 1200-1400.  Is PA actually meeting now?</p>



<a name="210772681"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210772681" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210772681">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>no. That agenda is approximately 80% correct.</p>



<a name="210772704"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210772704" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210772704">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>The cost of the virtual meeting.... we are still learning how to do this.</p>



<a name="210775348"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210775348" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210775348">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:43)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191506">@Yunwei Wang</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> and I would like to to raise the issue which is currently being discussed here: <a href="#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Slicing.20non-repeating.20elements.20to.20define.20a.20choice">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Slicing.20non-repeating.20elements.20to.20define.20a.20choice</a></p>
<p>If it's not too late, it would be great if we could add it to the agenda.</p>



<a name="210775794"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210775794" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210775794">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I suspect it is too late</p>



<a name="210775827"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210775827" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210775827">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>to add it to the agenda for this meeting, that is</p>



<a name="210776538"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210776538" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210776538">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>You mean today or the whole week?</p>



<a name="210776583"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210776583" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210776583">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is this Vocab related?</p>



<a name="210776756"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210776756" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210776756">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not really I would say, it's all about slicing rules</p>



<a name="210777320"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210777320" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210777320">(Sep 21 2020 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>FHIR-I's schedule is pretty full. Unless <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> can find a spot to squeeze it in. At least, I can add it to Monday's weekly conference call.</p>



<a name="210777836"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210777836" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210777836">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>No problem :) Thanks for the feedback.</p>



<a name="210777930"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210777930" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210777930">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>May be better to try to take it up on one of our future regular con-calls</p>



<a name="210780133"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210780133" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210780133">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Has anyone created FHIR-I attendance google sheet?</p>



<a name="210780352"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210780352" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210780352">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>No.  I will</p>



<a name="210781034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210781034" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210781034">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>There is a confluence template for attendance sheet. I will give it a try</p>



<a name="210781570"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210781570" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210781570">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="http://bit.ly/fhiri">bit.ly/fhiri</a></p>



<a name="210781585"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210781585" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210781585">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Now up-to-date again</p>



<a name="210781614"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210781614" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210781614">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you'd rather do on Confluence, that's fine too</p>



<a name="210782977"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210782977" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210782977">(Sep 21 2020 at 18:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Love our own google sheet better. Confluence template does not allow me to remove quarters which we don't meet</p>



<a name="210792174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792174" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792174">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is our quarter with clinical genomics staring now? Just want to make sure I'm missing the connection.</p>



<a name="210792197"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792197" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792197">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>("waiting for host")</p>



<a name="210792208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792208" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Gino Canessa <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792208">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>And II, but it says the same for me</p>



<a name="210792343"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792343" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792343">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Connected!</p>



<a name="210792487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792487" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792487">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Anybody know if it's possible to configure whova to mute people by default?</p>



<a name="210792551"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210792551" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210792551">(Sep 21 2020 at 20:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>My audio is always unmuted whenever I connect</p>



<a name="210881542"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/210881542" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michael Donnelly <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#210881542">(Sep 22 2020 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>No, but I want the same thing.</p>



<a name="223331442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/223331442" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#223331442">(Jan 20 2021 at 04:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi everyone,</p>
<p>Here's the FHIR-I agenda: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/2021-Jan+FHIR-I+Agenda">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/2021-Jan+FHIR-I+Agenda</a></p>



<a name="239770004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/239770004" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brett Marquard <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#239770004">(May 21 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Any chance May is posted -- I can't seem to find it!</p>



<a name="239776671"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/239776671" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#239776671">(May 21 2021 at 16:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I saw FHIR-I WGM sessions in Whova - the first is at 4 am Central on Monday <span aria-label="grinning" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="grinning">:grinning:</span></p>



<a name="239776804"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/239776804" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#239776804">(May 21 2021 at 16:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll be posting the slightly more detailed schedule for FHIR-I later today.  There won't be a cross-WG amalgamated schedule though.</p>



<a name="239792544"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/239792544" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#239792544">(May 21 2021 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202105">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202105</a></p>



<a name="240621362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/240621362" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#240621362">(May 28 2021 at 15:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>We have our Q4 scheduled in 30min as "Carry-over" -- are we planning to use it? (<span class="user-group-mention" data-user-group-id="1454">@FHIR-I Co-chairs</span>)</p>



<a name="240622499"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/240622499" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#240622499">(May 28 2021 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes.  We'll wade through tracker items</p>



<a name="250434937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/250434937" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#250434937">(Aug 24 2021 at 02:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Draft agenda is posted here: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202109">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202109</a></p>
<p>On the call, no one expressed preferences for when certain topics should be held.  If you'd like to see a topic shifted around, propose a swap and if no one objects within a few business days, I'll make the change.</p>



<a name="250648610"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/250648610" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#250648610">(Aug 25 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looking at SMARTv2 quarter -- we've worked through all the open ballot issues (and have some discussion slated next week for some follow-ups), so I don't anticipate we'd need a quarter at the WGM for this. But, if there are topics folks would <em>like</em> to discuss in a WGM quarter, I'm certainly up for that. Or if folks want time for a tour / discussion of resolved and applied ballot changes, I'm open to that too. Please chime in here if you want a SMARTv2 quarter :-)</p>



<a name="251767774"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/251767774" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#251767774">(Sep 02 2021 at 18:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looking at Bulk Data quarter -- we've worked through all the open ballot issues and applied all changes, so I don't anticipate we'd need a quarter at the WGM for this. But, if there are topics folks would like to discuss in a WGM quarter, I'm certainly up for that. Or if folks want time for a tour / discussion of resolved and applied ballot changes, I'm open to that too. Please chime in here if you want a Bulk Data quarter :-)</p>



<a name="251767881"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/251767881" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#251767881">(Sep 02 2021 at 18:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>(Note, we may want to <em>add</em> a quarter or a chunk of one to talk about Must-Support requirements, particularly with respect to inheritance.)</p>



<a name="253008842"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/253008842" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#253008842">(Sep 12 2021 at 20:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> based on the radio silence, I think we can probably un-schedule these SMART launch + Bulk data quarters.</p>



<a name="253008970"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/253008970" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#253008970">(Sep 12 2021 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok</p>



<a name="253766079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/253766079" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#253766079">(Sep 17 2021 at 16:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>It looks like I'll have Q3 conflicts Wed and Thu next week.</p>



<a name="253771205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/253771205" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#253771205">(Sep 17 2021 at 16:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok.  Updated the schedule</p>



<a name="253776549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/253776549" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#253776549">(Sep 17 2021 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will not be available on Tue Q3 and Thr Q2. I have updated the schedule. ;)</p>



<a name="255112388"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/255112388" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#255112388">(Sep 27 2021 at 20:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>One slight remark on the meeting notes: under section "Q2 - TestScript project", it states that <a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-32867">FHIR-32867</a> was discussed and voted on. This should probably be different as that's a Financial Mgmt tracker item with a different vote.</p>



<a name="255122920"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/255122920" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#255122920">(Sep 27 2021 at 21:26)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191370">@Richard Ettema</span> - do you know what the right tracker is?</p>



<a name="255154503"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/255154503" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Ettema <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#255154503">(Sep 28 2021 at 03:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-33867">FHIR-33867</a></p>



<a name="255156306"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/255156306" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#255156306">(Sep 28 2021 at 03:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span> - thanks for the close read.  Now fixed</p>



<a name="264997199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/264997199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Max Masnick <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#264997199">(Dec 15 2021 at 11:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi -- is there an agenda yet for the Jan 2022 WGM?</p>



<a name="265015551"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/265015551" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#265015551">(Dec 15 2021 at 14:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not yet.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> Can we discuss that on Jan 10th?</p>



<a name="265053064"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/265053064" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#265053064">(Dec 15 2021 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think so.  Connectathon won't have kicked off yet, so we should be ok.</p>



<a name="267612685"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/267612685" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#267612685">(Jan 11 2022 at 17:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>: Max Masnick would like to use Tuesday Q2 for introduction/discussion about data dictionary generation. Could you add that to our agenda? cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="322501">@Max Masnick</span></p>



<a name="267767145"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/267767145" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bas van den Heuvel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#267767145">(Jan 12 2022 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is there a joint call with InM scheduled?</p>



<a name="267773035"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/267773035" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#267773035">(Jan 12 2022 at 19:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not at present that I'm aware of or that's scheduled in Whova.  We have some time available Thur Q3 or Fri Q1 and, if needed, could probably fit you in to Wed Q2.</p>



<a name="267788832"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/267788832" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#267788832">(Jan 12 2022 at 21:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Can be found here: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202201">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202201</a><br>
We have a number of slots that are focused on tracker items that we could theoretically open up for other topics.  Also, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191370">@Richard Ettema</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196338">@Patrick Murta</span> - we've slotted in sessions for TestScript and FAST ballot reconciliation - can you confirm:<br>
a) that you want a slot; and<br>
b) whether the proposed slots will work and, if not, propose some that might work better?</p>



<a name="268407087"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM%20agenda/near/268407087" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Ettema <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179280-fhir/infrastructure-wg/topic/WGM.20agenda.html#268407087">(Jan 18 2022 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>, the only TestScript related discussion I have is reviewing the FMM level for R5. Hoping to get it up to at least 3 or 4. The Wed Q3 slot is good. Thanks.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
