---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · stream events · methodology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/index.html">methodology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html">stream events</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="178600970"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178600970" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Notification Bot <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178600970">(Oct 20 2019 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Stream created by <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191320">Lloyd McKenzie</span>.</p>



<a name="178669014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178669014" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178669014">(Oct 21 2019 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok. open subjects for me:</p>
<ul>
<li>how should we represent type choice</li>
<li>what changes should we make to our methodology for resources that represent a new green fields space (where we can't fall back on 'look at what systems actually do to handle variance/disagreement')</li>
</ul>



<a name="178669179"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178669179" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178669179">(Oct 21 2019 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>getting some consistency around the subject/focus split from Observation into other resources (using a terminology for that)</li>
<li>deciding what to do about an object representation of the participations</li>
<li>formally defining the following types: BaseObject, Type, MetadataResource</li>
</ul>



<a name="178669225"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178669225" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178669225">(Oct 21 2019 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>figuring out what to do about the .identifier elements across all resources</li>
</ul>



<a name="178669623"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178669623" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178669623">(Oct 21 2019 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Feel free to start threads for each.  I don't understand the first.</p>



<a name="178684185"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178684185" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178684185">(Oct 21 2019 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>also</p>
<ul>
<li>the problem with instantiatesUrl/instantiatesCanonical. We have to do better than that </li>
<li>The ConceptReference debate (things that can either be a CodeableConcept or a Reference)</li>
</ul>



<a name="178684407"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178684407" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178684407">(Oct 21 2019 at 18:35)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>can we resolve the issue with not defining repeating elements that have type choice</li>
</ul>



<a name="178688645"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178688645" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178688645">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>The last seems like something that's rather late to address, given that XML and JSON are now locked down..</p>



<a name="178689089"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178689089" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178689089">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>right. they are locked down. but I'm not entirely convinced that there's nothing we can do. </p>
<p>For instance: we could say that instantiates[x] 0..* is ok as long as there is no intention around order, but it manifests as instantiatesUri:[] and instantiatesCanonical : [] in JSON. Since there's no current elements like that, it's not a breaking change</p>



<a name="178692202"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178692202" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178692202">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's a breaking change for the reference implementations and equivalent code at a minimum</p>



<a name="178692896"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178692896" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178692896">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't know on what basis that constitutes a procedural issue. it might be input into whether we like the change or not</p>



<a name="178693208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178693208" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178693208">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think it's covered in the set of changes we explicitly said we'd allow.  I also don't think it's listed as something that's prohibited.  As such, it's at best "suspect".  I agree we can pursue the question though.</p>



<a name="178987256"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178987256" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178987256">(Oct 24 2019 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>additional open subject: ConceptReference</p>



<a name="178996004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178996004" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178996004">(Oct 24 2019 at 20:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Some places where this can be used:<br>
MedicationRequest.medication <br>
MedicationDispense.medication<br>
MedicationAdministration.medication<br>
MedicationUsage.medication<br>
Medication.ingredient.item<br>
DeviceDefinition.manufacturer<br>
Careplan.activity.detail.product<br>
ActivityDefinition.subject<br>
ActivityDefinition.product</p>



<a name="178996222"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178996222" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178996222">(Oct 24 2019 at 20:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>since this is a methodology stream - is this something that will be enforced for all cases where it applies, or a volunteer adoption?</p>



<a name="178998327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/178998327" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#178998327">(Oct 24 2019 at 21:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>could be either, but probably some smei-coerced adoption</p>



<a name="179000151"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream%20events/near/179000151" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/stream.20events.html#179000151">(Oct 24 2019 at 21:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>so we could treat entry[x] with codeableconcept + reference as an anti-pattern.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
