---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · subject/focus split · methodology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/index.html">methodology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html">subject/focus split</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="178683005"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178683005" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178683005">(Oct 21 2019 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>The observation resource splits between subject and focus. I think that this concept applies to other resources too, but it hasn't been discussed.</p>
<p>Here's what I want to do about this:</p>
<ul>
<li>for every reference to a participation resource (CareTeam, Device, Group, HealthcareService, Location, Organization, Patient, Practitioner, PractitionerRole, RelatedPerson), the definitions must define an applicable role code </li>
<li>the role code must define what kind of role that this plays, to ensure that the committee has thought about this in a structured fashion</li>
<li>the role code must be taken from an approved list of codes maintained by MnM</li>
<li>The v3 RoleCode is a candidate for the set of codes... but I am suspicious of it</li>
</ul>



<a name="178688590"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178688590" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178688590">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't understand this solution or how it deals with subject vs. focus.  Also, are you wanting role or participation?</p>



<a name="178688761"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178688761" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178688761">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think I care about both Role code and Participation type</p>



<a name="178688784"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178688784" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178688784">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe the second - I'd have to investiage</p>



<a name="178688926"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178688926" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178688926">(Oct 21 2019 at 19:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>the intent of the solution is that committees would have to be explicit about what kind of participation / role this thing is playing in their design, and the code list from which they choose makes them think through the issues that arose in Observation with subject/focus (and other issues)</p>



<a name="178692483"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178692483" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178692483">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>SUBJ vs. RTGT are participations in v3.  Role is always Patient or Specimen, regardless of how you're referencing them.</p>



<a name="178692567"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178692567" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178692567">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not a fan of adding a "participation code" every time we reference one of these resources.  We do that in a couple of places, generally around performer, but I don't think it makes sense/is necessary as a general case</p>



<a name="178693001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/178693001" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#178693001">(Oct 21 2019 at 20:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>I do not mean that we would add it to the content of the resource, but that we will require it to be present in the definitions (as a stated fixed value) if it's not present in the instance</p>



<a name="179899809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/179899809" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#179899809">(Nov 05 2019 at 03:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>can we talk about this on MnM today?</p>



<a name="179984932"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/179984932" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#179984932">(Nov 05 2019 at 22:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Decision, for now:</p>
<ul>
<li>create a task to ask for discussion of focus vs subject on Procedure</li>
<li>create a task to ask for a discussion of focus vs subject on ServiceRequest</li>
<li>create a task to ask for clarification about how to ask for a procedure on an implanted device in a patient</li>
</ul>



<a name="179985042"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/179985042" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#179985042">(Nov 05 2019 at 22:28)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>also: discuss this at the round table + also schedule for mention at the workflow session</li>
</ul>



<a name="180690271"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject/focus%20split/near/180690271" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/211987-methodology/topic/subject.2Ffocus.20split.html#180690271">(Nov 14 2019 at 01:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>add: </p>
<ul>
<li>create a task for clarification of subject/focus on Specimen</li>
</ul>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
