---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · 4/27 call · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html">4/27 call</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153823346"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823346" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823346">(Apr 27 2016 at 07:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>so be it then - unless anyone has something urgent?</p>



<a name="153823352"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823352" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823352">(Apr 27 2016 at 11:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>525 zulip users this morning...</p>



<a name="153823408"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823408" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823408">(Apr 27 2016 at 14:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've done some of my action items (at last) and wanted some clarifications on the other 2 that I have (think one is not needed anymore)</p>



<a name="153823442"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823442" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823442">(Apr 27 2016 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've got a revised PSS for the FHIR Repository with commitment from a number of domain committees which represent implementers who see and support the need for the HL7 FHIR repository for profiles, extensions and valuesets/codesets. They should be able to influence financial support as well. I was going to bring this up today. Now that we have FHIR-I that appears to be the right WG to lead with EST as a Co-sponsor.</p>
<p>The PSS carves the Reposity out of the original PSS, so basically it is the requirements, RFP and implementation along with teh governance and management work to operate.</p>
<p>I think we can get support for a number of the groups in advance of the WGM, then if FHIR-I agrees to sponsor, or another sponsor is proposed, we could socialize and run throught the Divsion and TSC at the WGM - since the focus of this work was already approved through all of the layers two years ago.</p>
<p>I suggest a committee of the lead WG with participation (work done by) the Co-sponsors (EST as the HQ and operations process lead) to handle this, maintain the support, assist with funding and get the work done.</p>



<a name="153823482"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823482" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anne Wizauer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823482">(Apr 27 2016 at 18:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>So just to clarify - do we want to meet today, even if it's perhaps briefer than usual? Or are these things that folks are proposing we look at next week? Happy to go either way, just making sure we know what's happening because I don't (lol).</p>



<a name="153823483"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823483" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823483">(Apr 27 2016 at 18:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wouldn't mind a short meeting but the work items I suggest we dicuss aren't dependent on us meeting.</p>



<a name="153823494"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4/27%20call/near/153823494" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/4.2F27.20call.html#153823494">(Apr 27 2016 at 19:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am in IHE meeting this week, could step out if there is a compelling agenda. Next week I am out-of-contact while camping.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
