---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Agenda item for March 31 meeting · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20March.2031.20meeting.html">Agenda item for March 31 meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="232612630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20March%2031%20meeting/near/232612630" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Melva Peters <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20March.2031.20meeting.html#232612630">(Mar 31 2021 at 15:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Jira Ballot pilot for May cycle - candidates for the pilot:  Bulk Data and R5.  Would like to get feedback.</p>



<a name="232787113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20March%2031%20meeting/near/232787113" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20March.2031.20meeting.html#232787113">(Apr 01 2021 at 16:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span>  what about smart too?</p>



<a name="232813727"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda%20item%20for%20March%2031%20meeting/near/232813727" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda.20item.20for.20March.2031.20meeting.html#232813727">(Apr 01 2021 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>After further internal discussion, the argonaut project team would like FMG to consider both Bulk <em>and</em> Smart Launch as candidates for the pilot so we can leverage the knowledge for both and manage them the same for ballot reconciliation.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
