---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Draft agenda for 11/23 call and Regrets from Anne · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html">Draft agenda for 11/23 call and Regrets from Anne</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153858165"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858165" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anne Wizauer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858165">(Nov 22 2016 at 19:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all! I will be out of the office for the holiday tomorrow; a draft agenda is here in case you end up with quorum:<br>
<a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=20161123_FMG_concall" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=20161123_FMG_concall">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=20161123_FMG_concall</a></p>



<a name="153858167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858167" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858167">(Nov 22 2016 at 20:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Tomorrow's going to be tough for me. Who *will* make it?</p>



<a name="153858177"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858177" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858177">(Nov 23 2016 at 05:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>I *might* make it, but more probably not. Do we have any agenda items that need dealing with this week?</p>



<a name="153858190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858190" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858190">(Nov 23 2016 at 05:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>The only one I know of is a vote on a NIB that came through the email list about 5 days ago (from Ken). If we could evote in that then we could probably delay...</p>



<a name="153858195"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858195" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858195">(Nov 23 2016 at 05:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>what are our evote rules?</p>



<a name="153858200"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858200" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858200">(Nov 23 2016 at 06:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>will find out from Anne...</p>



<a name="153858294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858294" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858294">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah just reading the message from Anne - how will we start the Goto meeting?</p>
<p>and - who will be there?</p>



<a name="153858295"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858295" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858295">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do we have burning issues?</p>



<a name="153858296"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858296" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858296">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can make the meeting, but wonder if we should just e-vote the NIB and cancel.</p>



<a name="153858298"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858298" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858298">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>It would be cleaner to have a 5 minute call to deal with if we can get quorum.</p>



<a name="153858299"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858299" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858299">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do you know the rules around the evote? Sounds like a plan though...</p>



<a name="153858300"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858300" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858300">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well perhaps we can dial in &amp; see how it goes?  I have to go jump on a plane - back in a few hours...</p>



<a name="153858301"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858301" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858301">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>evote takes a week... right?  I agree with Paul that a very short meeting to have a vote would be good... I can make it.</p>



<a name="153858302"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858302" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858302">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>You would really want it completed for TSC on Monday as the final content deadline is the following Sunday.</p>



<a name="153858303"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858303" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858303">(Nov 23 2016 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will make it (midnight).</p>



<a name="153858337"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858337" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858337">(Nov 23 2016 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>so looks like we're going to have a short meeting with a single agenda item - to review the NIB. I'm somewhat confused exactly what we're looking at as the email trail is not clear (to me) just what we're doing (they refer to resource proposals, that don't appear to be in the wiki)- hopefully someone who can make the call will have clarity!  I'm currently in london so AFAIK the time will be 9pm London time (=10am NZ time).  Unfortunately we don't have the meeting time in the wiki...</p>



<a name="153858343"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858343" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858343">(Nov 23 2016 at 20:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Short call in 5 right?</p>



<a name="153858344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858344" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858344">(Nov 23 2016 at 21:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>call on now...</p>



<a name="153858353"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft%20agenda%20for%2011/23%20call%20and%20Regrets%20from%20Anne/near/153858353" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Draft.20agenda.20for.2011.2F23.20call.20and.20Regrets.20from.20Anne.html#153858353">(Nov 24 2016 at 06:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>unfortunately we weren't quorate so were unable to approve the PSS's, but would have had issues anyway as they haven't been approved by the committee. I've reached out to RCRIM co-chairs, and provided they can approve before the next FMG meeting we should be good to pick it up then.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
