---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · mCODE Publication Request · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html">mCODE Publication Request</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="261497208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/261497208" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mark Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#261497208">(Nov 15 2021 at 13:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Can we add <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CIC/mCODE+STU+2+Publication+Request">mCODE STU2 IG Publication Request</a> to next meeting's agenda?</p>



<a name="261722172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/261722172" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anne Wizauer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#261722172">(Nov 16 2021 at 23:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191447">@Mark Kramer</span>  - this looks like an STU extension request, which only needs notification to FMG rather than approval. Let me know if I've read it correctly. If so, I can add to TSC vote.</p>



<a name="261728347"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/261728347" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mark Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#261728347">(Nov 17 2021 at 00:20)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191690">@Anne Wizauer</span> no, this is a publication request for a second STU version of an IG currently in STU version 1. Not an extension request.</p>



<a name="261732931"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/261732931" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anne Wizauer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#261732931">(Nov 17 2021 at 01:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh sorry! I’ve added to the agenda but will update it to reflect the correct type of request. My end-of-day eyes saw the end date for the current STU and I confused things. Thanks for clarifying!</p>



<a name="262347877"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/262347877" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mark Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#262347877">(Nov 22 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191690">@Anne Wizauer</span>  If there is going to be an FMG call on the 24th, I would like to reserve a place on the agenda for mCODE publication request (again). It should be a short item (5-10 minutes).</p>



<a name="262412199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE%20Publication%20Request/near/262412199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/mCODE.20Publication.20Request.html#262412199">(Nov 23 2021 at 04:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>There may be an issue with numbers - Lloyd and Brian are away - are any other FMG members not going to be present? Or, put the other way, who will be present?</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
