---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · must support · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must.20support.html">must support</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="210556507"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must%20support/near/210556507" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must.20support.html#210556507">(Sep 18 2020 at 18:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>We mentioned at the last meeting that there would be more discussion on Must Support - did we decide when that would occur?</p>



<a name="210562150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must%20support/near/210562150" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Hans Buitendijk <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must.20support.html#210562150">(Sep 18 2020 at 19:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191321">@David Hay</span> : I assume for FMG Thursday, but have not heard when FHIR-I and MnM will pick it up, while Conformance was going to have something on Tuesday.  CPG/US Core may not fully get to it, but certainly the week after during conference call.  I do plan to have something for them to review next week though if they can get it on the agenda.  Want to use the latest FMG draft as context to then identify what US Core can/cannot, should/ should not state.</p>



<a name="211702011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must%20support/near/211702011" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/must.20support.html#211702011">(Sep 30 2020 at 00:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Austin and Wayne have decided that TSC doesn't need to weigh in on this. If FMG can get an agreed text that US realm and Cross-group also agree to, it can come straight to Wayne.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
