---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Next week&#x27;s call: agenda item · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html">Next week&#x27;s call: agenda item</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="215760956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215760956" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215760956">(Nov 05 2020 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>For next week's agenda, I'd like to add: Technical correction process. It's complex and slow, with bottlenecks. This may not be something FMG can directly address/improve, but I'd like us to at least understand and brainstorm a bit about recommendations we might make to HL7.</p>



<a name="215761294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215761294" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215761294">(Nov 05 2020 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'm thinking from a principles perspective: HL7 should be nimble enough to get the best, most correct information to its members and the general public ... in a timely fashion.)</p>



<a name="215762359"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215762359" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215762359">(Nov 05 2020 at 19:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't think the issue has to do with not caring...</p>



<a name="215776032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215776032" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215776032">(Nov 05 2020 at 21:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Fair point -- updated the text to "should be nimble enough" :)</p>



<a name="215785797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215785797" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215785797">(Nov 05 2020 at 23:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>We've had the discussion before.  In theory, our move to not use spreadsheets will help, but the publication release process is still a really heavy lift in terms of effort &amp; time for Grahame.  So it's really a question of figuring out how to change that.</p>



<a name="215800781"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215800781" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215800781">(Nov 06 2020 at 02:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>This isn't just about the core spec -&amp; the bulk data IG was the immediate prompt for me here</p>



<a name="215843487"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215843487" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215843487">(Nov 06 2020 at 13:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Can you summarize the hoops you needed to jump through and how long it took?</p>



<a name="215848570"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215848570" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215848570">(Nov 06 2020 at 13:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll see if Dan's willing to do a write-up!</p>



<a name="215892247"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215892247" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215892247">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Dan has shared a timeline that I'll post here; I want to be clear that this isn't an exercise in finger-pointing, and much of the slowness is due to my own lack of familiarity with the process. But I'm hoping FMG can brainstorm a bit about how to improve the situation -- both in terms of clarifying the process, and importantly in terms of simplifying the process.</p>
<h2><a href="https://gist.github.com/jmandel/ace56f644dfbf9437d1a9b68838c74ee">Timeline</a></h2>



<a name="215892736"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215892736" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215892736">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>The gap between 2020-07-13 and 2020-10-01 results from a mis-communication. It was in my queue, but gated waiting for admin approval. I erroneously said TSC but of course it is CTO. But Dan assumed nothing more was needed since I didn't say that, and neither FHIR-I nor Dan actually initiated the admin approval process</p>



<a name="215893146"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215893146" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215893146">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>but Dan has still not made the change I requested and I can't publish until it is made</p>



<a name="215893177"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215893177" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215893177">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Indeed! The discussion I'm hoping for is... next time, how do we make sure the process is clear -- and how can it be streamlined so that technical corrections can be more like "available on a continuous basis" rather than "a big project every time"</p>



<a name="215893242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215893242" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215893242">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm guessing that there's no single document that say 'this is what the pathway is'</p>



<a name="215894657"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215894657" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dan Gottlieb <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215894657">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> not sure if you saw my Zulip message from Nov 1, but I updated package-list.json with the 1.0.1 version number. Are there other changes that still need to happen?</p>



<a name="215894998"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215894998" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215894998">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>the header needs to say what it's state is:<br>
<a href="/user_uploads/10155/LCFJesOnk0K0cSrffuSEd8Mt/image.png">image.png</a></p>
<div class="message_inline_image"><a href="/user_uploads/10155/LCFJesOnk0K0cSrffuSEd8Mt/image.png" title="image.png"><img src="/user_uploads/10155/LCFJesOnk0K0cSrffuSEd8Mt/image.png"></a></div>



<a name="215895036"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215895036" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215895036">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Needs to say "Bulk Data Access IG: STU1 + Technical Correction"</p>



<a name="215895328"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215895328" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215895328">(Nov 06 2020 at 19:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, there is no information either in the IG or the package-list.json about what has changed. It needs to be either in the package-list.json (so it ends up on the history page) or on the home page</p>



<a name="215913162"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/215913162" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dan Gottlieb <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#215913162">(Nov 06 2020 at 22:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks Grahame! I updated the header and added bullets on the specific changes to package-list.json. I couldn't figure out how to preview a rendered version of package-list.json, but other IGs use markdown in the desc property and I validated the json, so I think it should work.</p>



<a name="216122014"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216122014" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216122014">(Nov 09 2020 at 18:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Another agenda item: we don't make it easy for IG authors to understand the ballot process:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/FHIR+Implementation+Guide+Process+Flow">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/FHIR+Implementation+Guide+Process+Flow</a> has count-up dates from "week 1"</li>
<li><a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HL7/HL7+Calendars#a024f57c-d5fc-4f39-8b26-bf9f1e280100-35717172">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HL7/HL7+Calendars#a024f57c-d5fc-4f39-8b26-bf9f1e280100-35717172</a> has count-back dates like "ballot minus x"</li>
<li>The discrete steps listed in each reference are different</li>
<li>(Some) IG authors get email with bullet lists that include actual dates (but again, not tied to these same steps;  and includes links to a "not found" page <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/B+-+Content+Development+and+Submission">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/B+-+Content+Development+and+Submission</a>; and this appears to have been sent after some deadlines had already elapsed)</li>
</ul>



<a name="216129307"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216129307" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216129307">(Nov 09 2020 at 19:03)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191759">@Melva Peters</span> should join us if we're going to talk ballot process</p>



<a name="216272187"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216272187" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Melva Peters <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216272187">(Nov 10 2020 at 20:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll be on the call tomorrow.</p>



<a name="216280385"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216280385" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216280385">(Nov 10 2020 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/CDISC+to+FHIR+Joint+Mapping+IG">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/CDISC+to+FHIR+Joint+Mapping+IG</a></p>



<a name="216280430"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216280430" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216280430">(Nov 10 2020 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>(note that this is a late submission)</p>



<a name="216375045"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next%20week%27s%20call%3A%20agenda%20item/near/216375045" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Next.20week&#x27;s.20call.3A.20agenda.20item.html#216375045">(Nov 11 2020 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>regrets, I have a conflict with the IHE virtual-face-to-face todayh</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
