---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Process? new Resource Proposals · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html">Process? new Resource Proposals</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="175919695"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/175919695" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#175919695">(Sep 17 2019 at 15:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>What is the process for a workgroup that has a general FHIR maintenance PSS to propose a new Resource. Is this just needing an approval by the workgroup and FMG; or is there other approvals needed?</p>



<a name="175919763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/175919763" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#175919763">(Sep 17 2019 at 15:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>are you asking about the project or the resource itself?</p>



<a name="175919937"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/175919937" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#175919937">(Sep 17 2019 at 15:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Resource proposal. The specifics are that Imaging WG is wanting to add another Resource for use to point at specific slices and images; something that ImagingStudy is not well suited. SImilar but different use-case than ImagingManifest that got deprecated because it was too broad.</p>



<a name="175945619"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/175945619" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#175945619">(Sep 17 2019 at 20:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>They'd use the wiki to submit a resource proposal.  (At some point, we need to move those over to Confluence...)</p>



<a name="176012958"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/176012958" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#176012958">(Sep 18 2019 at 14:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes they are doing that for FMG. What i was not able to answer is if they also need that approved elsewhere besides their own workgroup.</p>



<a name="176017440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/176017440" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#176017440">(Sep 18 2019 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>New resources only need to be vetted by the WG and FMG.  FMG might ask them to discuss boundaries with others if we think the boundaries are unclear.</p>



<a name="176089951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process%3F%20new%20Resource%20Proposals/near/176089951" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Process.3F.20new.20Resource.20Proposals.html#176089951">(Sep 19 2019 at 11:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
