---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Publication Process Question · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication.20Process.20Question.html">Publication Process Question</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="161203837"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication%20Process%20Question/near/161203837" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication.20Process.20Question.html#161203837">(Mar 20 2019 at 00:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>A proposal from FHIR-I for FMG endorsement: <a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Package_IG_Release_Policy_Issue" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Package_IG_Release_Policy_Issue">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Package_IG_Release_Policy_Issue</a></p>



<a name="161209094"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication%20Process%20Question/near/161209094" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication.20Process.20Question.html#161209094">(Mar 20 2019 at 02:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Timeline by when endorsement is required?  (Tomorrow's agenda is already tight for just an hour...)</p>



<a name="161209111"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication%20Process%20Question/near/161209111" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Publication.20Process.20Question.html#161209111">(Mar 20 2019 at 02:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, I think the week after, since I won't do any package updates until the ballot opens now. But then there's a few waiting for this. Though it probably needs TSC sign off</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
