---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Tomorrow&#x27;s call · fmg"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/index.html">fmg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html">Tomorrow&#x27;s call</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153954198"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954198" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954198">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Do we have anything urgent?  David's unavailable to chair and I'll have to head to the airport 15 minutes into the call.  I can continue to chair for 30 minutes after that while in transit, but it's simpler to cancel if we don't have anything urgent.</p>



<a name="153954199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954199">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't have anything except the process issue around normative contnetn</p>



<a name="153954200"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954200" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954200">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I won't be joining any more calls before the meeting</p>



<a name="153954203"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954203" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954203">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Process issue isn't really an issue - we just need to let WGs know they're allowed to consider non-ballot tracker items that might lead to substantive change - no?</p>



<a name="153954205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954205" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954205">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>well, yes, but any substantiative changes that arise this way must go through re-ballot</p>



<a name="153954213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954213" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954213">(Apr 24 2018 at 21:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Any substantive changes that arrive in any way must go through re-ballot</p>



<a name="153954215"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954215" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954215">(Apr 24 2018 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Essentially the only difference between balloted and non-balloted comments is that the WG is under obligation to reconcile the balloted ones.  However, from a good/reasonable practice perspective, they're effectively obligated to resolve all comments that could result in substantive change received before whatever cutoff we set for Aug. ballot prep.</p>



<a name="153954218"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954218" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954218">(Apr 24 2018 at 22:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I think that we should point this on on co-chairs list since at least one committee has not twigged to their obligations here</p>



<a name="153954334"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow%27s%20call/near/153954334" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anne Wizauer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Tomorrow&#x27;s.20call.html#153954334">(Apr 25 2018 at 16:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just a note that Austin is planning to attend the beginning of the call with some issues from SGB this morning.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
