---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · DEQM Coordination · Da Vinci"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/index.html">Da Vinci</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html">DEQM Coordination</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="159120739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159120739" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159120739">(Feb 22 2019 at 01:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>We're looking at starting to apply changes to the DEQM, both new content and applying reconciliation changes from last ballot. Should we use this DaVinci general stream to coordinate that, or is there a DEQM-specific stream that folks would prefer we use? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192054">@Viet Nguyen</span></p>



<a name="159124388"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159124388" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159124388">(Feb 22 2019 at 02:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Zulip is best.   I have been out of the loop so I don't know where the new<br>
content  is documented but that is where we need to start...</p>
<p>Eric</p>
<p>Eric M Haas, DVM, MS<br>
Health eData Inc<br>
1183 Mountain View Circle, Napa, CA 94558</p>



<a name="159437822"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159437822" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Samples <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159437822">(Feb 26 2019 at 16:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Applying change to #17893</p>



<a name="159439021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159439021" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Samples <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159439021">(Feb 26 2019 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Change applied</p>



<a name="159439869"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159439869" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Samples <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159439869">(Feb 26 2019 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Was unable to commit change</p>



<a name="159448779"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159448779" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159448779">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Applying changes to #18638 <a href="https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=18638&amp;start=0" target="_blank" title="https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=18638&amp;start=0">https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=18638&amp;start=0</a></p>



<a name="159448869"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159448869" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159448869">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, I've forked the hl7 davinic project in order to use pull requests. There is an open pull request as of now, and I'll keep adding to it, but you can review as you have time</p>



<a name="159449403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159449403" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159449403">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd  prefer to just commit directly and not fuss with PRs for now.... who is going to review the PR?  its not that big an IG</p>



<a name="159449474"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159449474" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159449474">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>just remember to git pull frequently</p>



<a name="159449520"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159449520" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159449520">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, that works for me. Eric, do you know who can add me to the HL7 github org? github id matthewtiller</p>



<a name="159449621"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159449621" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159449621">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>In fact I am adding some new infrastructure to it, and stubbing in the :</p>
<p>Colon Cancer Screening <br>
Venous Thromboembolism Measures</p>
<p>use cases into the menu right now.</p>



<a name="159449669"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159449669" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159449669">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Bryn I think is in charge of the git hub group.  lemme see.</p>



<a name="159450151"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159450151" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159450151">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span>  or <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  or <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193461">@David Johnson</span>   can one of you add  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="198988">@Matthew Tiller</span>  to  list of commiters to <a href="https://github.com/HL7/davinci-deqm" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/HL7/davinci-deqm">DEQM </a> and <a href="https://github.com/HL7/davinci-deqm-r4" target="_blank" title="https://github.com/HL7/davinci-deqm-r4">DEQM R4</a>?</p>



<a name="159450353"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159450353" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159450353">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Actually on the call today, I misunderstood what <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="208923">@Rob Samples</span>  said.  My apologies  it is a good idea to say what we are working on in here.  ( e.g.  col page or xyq profile etc so avoid conflicts.)</p>



<a name="159450956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159450956" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159450956">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I usually tweak the stuff in the 'framework folder' to keep it updated with the latest bells and whistles.    I have a few things to add like a copy button for some of the urls and  few css tweaks but that is not a priority.  let me know if you all are making changes in there so I can update my base template for other igs.  There is also a handy _config.yml file in frameworks for site variables.  In the future, I will be moving some of  the frontmatter to there as well</p>



<a name="159452420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159452420" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159452420">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right now, DEQM is only Bryn.  Should I add anyone else?</p>



<a name="159452628"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159452628" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159452628">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>(<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="198988">@Matthew Tiller</span> you should be good to go)</p>



<a name="159452797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159452797" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159452797">(Feb 26 2019 at 19:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks you</p>



<a name="159454042"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159454042" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Samples <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159454042">(Feb 26 2019 at 20:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  Can you add me as well?  Rsamples</p>



<a name="159472499"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159472499" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159472499">(Feb 27 2019 at 00:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> , I wasn't able to commit to the davinci repo.  "remote: Permission to HL7/davinci-deqm.git denied to matthewtiller."</p>



<a name="159472947"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159472947" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159472947">(Feb 27 2019 at 01:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="198988">@Matthew Tiller</span> Git says it's waiting for you to respond to your invite - check your spam folder?</p>



<a name="159473067"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159473067" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159473067">(Feb 27 2019 at 01:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, can you send me an email (<a href="mailto:lloyd@lmckenzie.com" title="mailto:lloyd@lmckenzie.com">lloyd@lmckenzie.com</a>) confirming that you've read and agree to abide by Chapter 16 of the GOM and that you have signed up for and will actively monitor committers/announce?</p>



<a name="159476678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159476678" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159476678">(Feb 27 2019 at 02:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for pointing out the invites. I will send that email shortly</p>



<a name="159538809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159538809" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159538809">(Feb 27 2019 at 18:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>adding new draft content to teh col page  +index.html</p>



<a name="159540824"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159540824" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159540824">(Feb 27 2019 at 18:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>uploading diagrams to google sheets  ( also pptx in  source/pages/assets/images/source   but google sheets lets you download as svgs  ( and ppptx ) so working from there for edits. </p>
<p>google sheets lnk: <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1srUEiA4eQHGA-xURFwUEcWmCN1q1LFJ3Wdy-dTgVqCE/edit?usp=sharing" target="_blank" title="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1srUEiA4eQHGA-xURFwUEcWmCN1q1LFJ3Wdy-dTgVqCE/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1srUEiA4eQHGA-xURFwUEcWmCN1q1LFJ3Wdy-dTgVqCE/edit?usp=sharing</a></p>



<a name="159542910"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159542910" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159542910">(Feb 27 2019 at 19:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm happy to add people to the DEQM-editors team, I just can't add anyone to the HL7 github organization directly.</p>



<a name="159543529"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159543529" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159543529">(Feb 27 2019 at 19:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span> Just make sure everyone that you add has an email on file with me indicating their agreement to abide by Chapter 16 of the GOM and to monitor the committers/announce stream.</p>



<a name="159544598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159544598" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159544598">(Feb 27 2019 at 19:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>looks like the DEQM resource graph diagram needs to be updated to include populations ...</p>



<a name="159565988"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159565988" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159565988">(Feb 28 2019 at 00:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>stubbed in col page, added summary measurereport profile (stub) and chagne measurereport to individual measurereport</p>



<a name="159725070"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159725070" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159725070">(Mar 01 2019 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm editing the MRP workflow diagram. Will push changes today</p>



<a name="159754152"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754152" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tiller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754152">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm confused about the section levels in the IG. I saw a commit that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span>  made in Oct last year that increased the section level by one (added a '#') for all sections on several pages. In response to <a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17897" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17897">GF#17897</a> I was about to reduce it by one. But I can't figure out why the page titles are sectioned, but only on the build site. For example, <a href="https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/guidance.html" target="_blank" title="https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/guidance.html">https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/guidance.html</a> has '2.1' as the title above the ToC. The 2018 Sep version of that page looks like I would expect <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/davinci-deqm/2018Sep/STU3/guidance.html" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/davinci-deqm/2018Sep/STU3/guidance.html">http://hl7.org/fhir/us/davinci-deqm/2018Sep/STU3/guidance.html</a>. I've looked at the CSS to no avail.</p>



<a name="159754255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754255" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754255">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>The title in the front matter is ##</p>



<a name="159754310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754310" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754310">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>The highest level in the markdown should be ###</p>



<a name="159754327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754327" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754327">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>The section number are css</p>



<a name="159754363"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754363" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754363">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>The page need s to be added to igxml for this to work</p>



<a name="159754426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/159754426" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#159754426">(Mar 01 2019 at 22:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you have trouble with this. Let me know is pretty easy for me to change this sort of thing</p>



<a name="160292836"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160292836" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160292836">(Mar 08 2019 at 14:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> , I've got the last of the expected feedback plugged in to the home page on the quality measure IG. The content is HTML though, not markdown. Do you want me to send it as an email or just link to it here?</p>



<a name="160310701"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160310701" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160310701">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I committed those changes to the IG</p>



<a name="160311198"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160311198" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160311198">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok</p>



<a name="160313096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160313096" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160313096">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ideally as include files for the reused stuff?</p>



<a name="160314552"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160314552" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160314552">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  i think this content should replace the existing content before it. and not be appended to it.  The how to read this guide should stay however.</p>



<a name="160314610"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160314610" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160314610">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is nice btw</p>



<a name="160314882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160314882" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160314882">(Mar 08 2019 at 18:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  do you have an application that can generate examples. For COL. VTE?  Otherwise I can create them  but probably not before the tenth</p>



<a name="160315291"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160315291" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160315291">(Mar 08 2019 at 19:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, working on that now</p>



<a name="160336107"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160336107" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160336107">(Mar 08 2019 at 23:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>ty !</p>



<a name="160336169"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160336169" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160336169">(Mar 08 2019 at 23:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will try the ref implementation for the MRP examples</p>



<a name="160341093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341093" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341093">(Mar 09 2019 at 00:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>   I tried to use the latest qi core package in ig.json for 3.1.0  and that doesn't work  :-( </p>
<p>"dependencyList": [<br>
    {<br>
      "location": "<a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore">http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore</a>",<br>
      "name": "qicore",<br>
      "version": "3.1.0"<br>
    }</p>
<p><code>current</code> is  working do you know why?</p>



<a name="160341764"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341764" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341764">(Mar 09 2019 at 01:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like the published package-list.json has a bug in it:</p>



<a name="160341765"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341765" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341765">(Mar 09 2019 at 01:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore/package-list.json" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore/package-list.json">http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore/package-list.json</a></p>



<a name="160341818"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341818" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341818">(Mar 09 2019 at 01:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>The 3.1.0 build is actually listed as 3.0.1</p>



<a name="160341829"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341829" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341829">(Mar 09 2019 at 01:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>So you could try putting it in as 3.0.1, but there's no guarantee you'd get the right 3.0.1 I think.</p>



<a name="160341837"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160341837" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160341837">(Mar 09 2019 at 01:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>There is a 3.2.0 about to be published, so I'd suggest sticking with current for now.</p>



<a name="160345360"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160345360" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160345360">(Mar 09 2019 at 02:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK thanks</p>



<a name="160345902"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160345902" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160345902">(Mar 09 2019 at 02:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have a tool to create the cap statements from a spreadsheet and create a pretty-ish narrative.  I take a stab at it and then we can review ?</p>
<p>I assume there needs to be one for each actor for each set of interactions?</p>



<a name="160375922"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160375922" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160375922">(Mar 09 2019 at 17:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah, that would be fantastic</p>



<a name="160378403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160378403" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160378403">(Mar 09 2019 at 18:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>@Bryn  is there a path to  cqfm_r3?</p>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span>The link &#39;StructureDefinition-cqfm-measure.html&#39; for &quot;CFQM Measure (STU3)&quot; cannot be resolved
</pre></div>



<a name="160393899"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160393899" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160393899">(Mar 10 2019 at 02:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html</a></p>



<a name="160393946"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160393946" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160393946">(Mar 10 2019 at 02:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>And for Library: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html</a></p>



<a name="160530452"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160530452" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160530452">(Mar 12 2019 at 00:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok 5 capstatements drafted for 5 actors:  can you review?</p>
<p>1. Producer Server<br>
2. Producer Client<br>
3. Aggregator Server<br>
4. Aggregator Client<br>
5. Receiver Server</p>



<a name="160530497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160530497" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160530497">(Mar 12 2019 at 00:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>next up is to add post interactions and then diagrams finish all diagrams that are not done yet.</p>



<a name="160593880"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160593880" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160593880">(Mar 12 2019 at 18:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>@Bryn  STU and IG Version forDEQM?</p>



<a name="160613650"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160613650" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160613650">(Mar 12 2019 at 21:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>STU 2, IG Version 2.0.0</p>



<a name="160613739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160613739" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160613739">(Mar 12 2019 at 21:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>@Eric, I just committed updates to the home page based on the discussions we had on the call earlier today.</p>



<a name="160613785"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160613785" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160613785">(Mar 12 2019 at 21:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm reviewing the cap statements, and there are a few things that I don't understand, but there are also some profile links that I think we need to switch to point to the CQF Measures IG instead of the DEQM profile (for Library and Measure)</p>



<a name="160618847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160618847" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160618847">(Mar 12 2019 at 23:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>DEQM profile (for Library and Measure) exists in the guide,  are we removing them as well?  Happy to review capstatements on a call.   whenever you are available</p>



<a name="160631745"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160631745" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160631745">(Mar 13 2019 at 03:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>for MRP examples, the <a href="https://ncqa.org/fhir/ig/Measure/measure-mrp" target="_blank" title="https://ncqa.org/fhir/ig/Measure/measure-mrp">https://ncqa.org/fhir/ig/Measure/measure-mrp</a> is a bad link and getting an error.  is there a new url?</p>



<a name="160633841"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160633841" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160633841">(Mar 13 2019 at 04:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's the canonical, the link is: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/Measure-measure-mrp.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/Measure-measure-mrp.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/Measure-measure-mrp.html</a></p>



<a name="160633849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160633849" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160633849">(Mar 13 2019 at 04:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>The CQL is here: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/cql/stu3/mrp-logic.cql.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/cql/stu3/mrp-logic.cql.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/hedis-ig/cql/stu3/mrp-logic.cql.html</a></p>



<a name="160635951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160635951" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160635951">(Mar 13 2019 at 05:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>What gos in MeasureReport.measure?  I thought it is the canonical url.</p>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span>{
  &quot;resourceType&quot;: &quot;MeasureReport&quot;,
  &quot;id&quot;: &quot;datax-measurereport01&quot;,
  &quot;meta&quot;: {
    &quot;versionId&quot;: &quot;1&quot;,
    &quot;lastUpdated&quot;: &quot;2018-09-05T16:59:53.000+00:00&quot;,
    &quot;profile&quot;: [
      &quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/ig/davinci/StructureDefinition/datax-measurereport-deqm&quot;
    ]
  },
  &quot;status&quot;: &quot;complete&quot;,
  &quot;_type&quot;: {
    &quot;extension&quot;: [
      {
        &quot;url&quot;: &quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/davinci-deqm/STU3/StructureDefinition/extension-dataCollectionType&quot;,
        &quot;valueBoolean&quot;: true
      }
    ]
  },
  &quot;measure&quot;: {
    &quot;reference&quot;: &quot;https://ncqa.org/fhir/ig/Measure/measure-mrp&quot;
  },
  &quot;patient&quot;: {
    &quot;reference&quot;: &quot;Patient/patient01&quot;
</pre></div>



<a name="160678648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160678648" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160678648">(Mar 13 2019 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>   Shall I yank DEQM Library and Measure and replace with CQF ones?</p>



<a name="160678914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160678914" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160678914">(Mar 13 2019 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>What is the dependency url for the CQF IG  (or the package)</p>
<p>i.e. in ig.json i will need?</p>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span> <span class="s2">&quot;dependencyList&quot;</span><span class="err">:</span> <span class="p">[</span>
    <span class="p">{</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;version&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;current&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;name&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;qicore&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;location&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore&quot;</span>
    <span class="p">},</span>
    <span class="p">{</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;version&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;2.0.0&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;name&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;uscore&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;location&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core&quot;</span>
    <span class="p">},</span>
   <span class="p">{</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;version&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;?&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="err">&lt;---</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;name&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;cqf&quot;</span><span class="p">,</span> <span class="err">&lt;---</span>
      <span class="nt">&quot;location&quot;</span><span class="p">:</span> <span class="s2">&quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/cqf???&quot;</span><span class="err">&lt;---</span>
    <span class="p">}</span>
  <span class="p">]</span>
</pre></div>



<a name="160678982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160678982" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160678982">(Mar 13 2019 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, I just moved the cqf-measures ig into HL7, I'll let you know as soon as it's building there and get you links for the profiles...</p>



<a name="160679025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160679025" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160679025">(Mar 13 2019 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>great and yes on yanking DEQM libarary and measure too?</p>



<a name="160707210"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160707210" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160707210">(Mar 13 2019 at 17:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, I'll get the profile links as soon as I push to the new location</p>



<a name="160718670"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160718670" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160718670">(Mar 13 2019 at 19:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are the MeasureReport.measure urls all the same for for mrp data exchange, individual reporting and summary reporting?</p>



<a name="160735517"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160735517" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160735517">(Mar 13 2019 at 23:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, for each use case.</p>



<a name="160740130"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160740130" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160740130">(Mar 14 2019 at 00:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Okay, library profile is here: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-library-cqfm.html</a></p>



<a name="160740156"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160740156" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160740156">(Mar 14 2019 at 00:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Measure profile is here: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/StructureDefinition-measure-cqfm.html</a></p>



<a name="160743808"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160743808" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160743808">(Mar 14 2019 at 01:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>TY : see  my  email for status on the qa errors  all the links are a known issue for GG many of the errors will be fixed when add in the dependencies.. ig.json</p>



<a name="160842880"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/160842880" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#160842880">(Mar 15 2019 at 03:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok I replaced those resources , halfway through qa and changing actor names.  pushed latest version.</p>



<a name="161071139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161071139" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161071139">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks for the examples.... I am not sure why the ci autobuild is failing is an NPE that I'm not getting locally.   I have not committed yet after a pull.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  have you committed all your changes?</p>



<a name="161071978"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161071978" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161071978">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Everything's committed at this point. I'm not sure what the NPE is either, but there is at least one other IG getting the same thing.</p>



<a name="161072025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161072025" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161072025">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's one more error related to the hedis-practitioner, that's actually coming from the HEDIS IG, so I can fix that there, but I'm a little nervous about committing to the HEDIS IG right now with the issue with the auto-publisher...</p>



<a name="161072252"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161072252" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161072252">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes I just discovered the hedis practitioner too</p>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span>Name    Flags   Card.   Type    Description &amp; Constraintsdoco
.. Task     0..*
... code    S   1..1    CodeableConcept
... executionPeriod S   1..1    Period
... owner   S   0..1    Reference(http://ncqa.org/fhir/us/hedis/StructureDefinition/hedis-practitioner) &lt;------!!!!
</pre></div>



<a name="161072381"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161072381" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161072381">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have the package-list.json and a brief change-notes page to commit. I will investigate the NPE a little bit more</p>



<a name="161072509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161072509" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161072509">(Mar 18 2019 at 16:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we are in pretty good shape right now - there is one missing workflow diagram I will add in today</p>



<a name="161122208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161122208" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161122208">(Mar 19 2019 at 05:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  IG is building again.  all we need is the hedis practitioner.   I have added the package-list.json and updated the title and version - can you check it out?</p>



<a name="161124382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161124382" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161124382">(Mar 19 2019 at 06:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Fixed, looks really good!</p>



<a name="161264712"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161264712" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161264712">(Mar 20 2019 at 16:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>   here is my dependency list for DEQM:</p>
<div class="codehilite"><pre><span></span> &quot;dependencyList&quot;: [
    {
      &quot;location&quot;: &quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/qicore&quot;,
      &quot;name&quot;: &quot;qicore&quot;,
      &quot;version&quot;: &quot;current&quot;,
      &quot;package&quot;: &quot;hl7.fhir.us.qicore&quot;
    },
    {
      &quot;location&quot;: &quot;http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core&quot;,
      &quot;name&quot;: &quot;uscore&quot;,
      &quot;version&quot;: &quot;2.0.0&quot;,
      &quot;package&quot;: &quot;hl7.fhir.us.core&quot;
    },
    {
      &quot;location&quot;: &quot;http://ncqa.org/fhir/us/hedis&quot;,
      &quot;name&quot;: &quot;ushedis&quot;,
      &quot;version&quot;: &quot;dev&quot;,
      &quot;package&quot;: &quot;ncqa.fhir.us.hedis&quot;
    }
  ],
</pre></div>


<p>confirming that is all good and nothing has changed....</p>



<a name="161266378"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161266378" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161266378">(Mar 20 2019 at 16:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, that looks right to me.</p>



<a name="161391077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161391077" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161391077">(Mar 21 2019 at 20:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  can  we update the roles in the connectathon  to align with the DEQM IG?</p>
<p>Also I edited this in the IG and did not get a satisfactory answer:</p>
<p>"Not all data elements defined within the referenced CQM will always be present in the EHR for each patient for which an individual measure report is to be sent. Therefore, an individual measure report will not contain data for these data elements. For example, if a CQM has a criterion for “blue eyed patients” and the source system does not capture eye color, then the corresponding report for that patient will missing that observation.</p>
<p>Whereas individual measure reporting scenario defines this consistent approach to missing data, specifications of CQMs define the logical processing of missing data (e.g., how to classify a patient into various populations in the absence of an eye color observation). In other words, the CQM addresses how it factors in missing data when calculating criteria, and it is the job of the individual measure report to include relevant data that was present in the EHR, and to not include data that was missing from the EHR"</p>
<p>This suggests the measure definition defines what to do when the data is  missing and not the profile...which makes sense because the measure author is going to have to deal with the missing data.</p>



<a name="161392242"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161392242" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161392242">(Mar 21 2019 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, I'll update those. I struggled with the names when I put it together and chose EHR because Producer felt too abstract for a connectathon scenario, but I'll change it to Producer and provide some explanation.</p>



<a name="161392366"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161392366" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161392366">(Mar 21 2019 at 20:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, that guidance is correct, putting it in the profile pushes the constraint down the stack closer to the producer. If it's not in the profile, then the measure author has to deal with the missing information in the measure specification.</p>



<a name="161392456"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161392456" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161392456">(Mar 21 2019 at 20:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>So we put the constraints in the profiles so we could have the conversation. If it really is the case that the producers won't always be able to provide the data in that way, then either 1) In QI-Core we provide generalized guidance about how to deal with that, or 2) The measure authors deal with the variability in the measure specifications.</p>



<a name="161502612"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161502612" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161502612">(Mar 23 2019 at 02:43)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192672">@Floyd Eisenberg</span>   <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192054">@Viet Nguyen</span>   The Ig publishing guidelines say "HL7 published implementation guides shall identify the ImplementationGuide.publisher as "HL7 International - &lt;workgroup full name&gt;" and ImplementationGuide.contact as the work group home page (i.e. <a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/[committee" target="_blank" title="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/[committee">http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/[committee</a> code])"</p>
<p>I have the publisher as Da Vinci with a link to the Da Vinci Project Page.. Who guide is this.   Davinci or CQM's.  ???</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>  What did you do?</p>



<a name="161503907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161503907" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161503907">(Mar 23 2019 at 03:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>I specified FM as the work group and linked to their page - as they're the responsible work group.  I did include a link to the Davinci home page on HL7 and to the public Confluence page on the home page of the IG.</p>



<a name="161507447"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161507447" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161507447">(Mar 23 2019 at 04:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK that is what I did.. I am upset that no one bothered to inform me of the  DaVinci icon!</p>



<a name="161507721"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161507721" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161507721">(Mar 23 2019 at 05:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sorry.  I saw that when I was looking at the website and figured I'd steal. :)</p>



<a name="161510223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179283-Da%20Vinci/topic/DEQM%20Coordination/near/161510223" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179283-Da-Vinci/topic/DEQM.20Coordination.html#161510223">(Mar 23 2019 at 06:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I’ll add it during recon. ;-). I now understand all your comments about the footer. It was hard to get it all in one line.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
