---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Resource Proposals · patient administration WG"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/index.html">patient administration WG</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html">Resource Proposals</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="154025573"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025573" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025573">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>We need to get the Invoice resource proposal updated with RIM/Scope and boundaries sections<br>
<a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Invoice_FHIR_Resource_Proposal" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Invoice_FHIR_Resource_Proposal">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Invoice_FHIR_Resource_Proposal</a><br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191450">@Simone Heckmann</span> , anything further you can add there?<br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191797">@Irma Jongeneel</span> , <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191416">@Iryna Roy</span> think you can look into the RIM stuff?</p>



<a name="154025574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025574" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025574">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Same for the ChargeItemDefinition resource<br>
<a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=ChargeItemDefinition_FHIR_Resource_Proposal" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=ChargeItemDefinition_FHIR_Resource_Proposal">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=ChargeItemDefinition_FHIR_Resource_Proposal</a><br>
Also wondering if this one should be in the administrative registries section (PA) rather than being owned by FM?</p>



<a name="154025575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025575" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025575">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Would like to have them both covered off for approval on the next FMG call.</p>



<a name="154025579"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025579" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025579">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>no hurry now.....</p>



<a name="154025580"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025580" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025580">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>this is in in missed the boat status.</p>



<a name="154025581"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025581" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025581">(Dec 14 2018 at 03:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>but the other FMM levels... could still decide to up them if PA decides to</p>



<a name="154025596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025596" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025596">(Dec 14 2018 at 04:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's ok , we were happy with where they are at the last call.</p>



<a name="154025597"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025597" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025597">(Dec 14 2018 at 04:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Was just following up on my FMG duties <span class="emoji emoji-1f60a" title="blush">:blush:</span></p>



<a name="154025598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179254-patient%20administration%20WG/topic/Resource%20Proposals/near/154025598" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179254-patient-administration-WG/topic/Resource.20Proposals.html#154025598">(Dec 14 2018 at 05:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
