---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · DeviceDefinition as CatalogEntry · Orders and Observation WG"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/index.html">Orders and Observation WG</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html">DeviceDefinition as CatalogEntry</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="219316981"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/219316981" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Simone Heckmann <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#219316981">(Dec 09 2020 at 10:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have two questions about using the CatalogEntry resource:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Is it on purpose that DeviceDefinition is not listed as potential target for CatalogEntry.referencedItem?<br>
This seems to contradict the statement "The DeviceDefinition resource contains the "catalog" definition of a device" in (Boundaries an Relationships of DeviceDefinition)[http://build.fhir.org/devicedefinition.html#bnr]</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>How can a CatalogEntry be tied to a Catalog (assuming I have multiple Catalogs and want to associate the entries with a specific Catalog?</p>
</li>
</ol>



<a name="223908326"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223908326" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Simone Heckmann <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223908326">(Jan 25 2021 at 15:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Any chance of discussing these questions at the WGM? I'd be happy to drop in on on one of the quarters...</p>



<a name="223911774"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223911774" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Todd Cooper <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223911774">(Jan 25 2021 at 15:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>FWIW - Thursday Q1 there is a joint with OO &amp; DEV ... perhaps this could be a topic then.</p>



<a name="223913132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223913132" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223913132">(Jan 25 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>CatalogEntry is deprecated</p>



<a name="223913179"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223913179" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223913179">(Jan 25 2021 at 15:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>agree, thursday Q1 would be a good time</p>



<a name="223961054"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223961054" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Simone Heckmann <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223961054">(Jan 25 2021 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191832">Jose Costa Teixeira</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179256-Orders-and.20Observation.20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry/near/223913132">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>CatalogEntry is deprecated</p>
</blockquote>
<p>It's still in the R5 build: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/catalogentry.html">http://build.fhir.org/catalogentry.html</a><br>
There's no mention of it being deprecated. What's intended as a replacement?</p>



<a name="223961119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223961119" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Simone Heckmann <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223961119">(Jan 25 2021 at 21:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll see if I can join Thursday Q1.</p>



<a name="223961796"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223961796" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223961796">(Jan 25 2021 at 21:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192504">@François Macary</span>  FYI</p>



<a name="223961914"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/223961914" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#223961914">(Jan 25 2021 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>The CatalogEntry is intended t o be abandoned. The contextual part of defining a product will be in the definition artifacts - MedicationKnowledge, DeviceDefinition, SpecimenDefinition</p>



<a name="224002953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224002953" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> François Macary <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224002953">(Jan 26 2021 at 06:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191450">@Simone Heckmann</span>  CatalogEntry was definitely ruled out  in October 2019 after two years of debate between the Catalog project group and FMG.  It should no longer be there. I assume that the clean out is pending <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> .  The guidance for building catalogs of devices will be provided by the order catalog FHIR IG. We're discussing the device content of this IG these weeks, every Friday 6pm. Please, check the <strong>catalog</strong> tab on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/OO/OO+Meeting+Minutes">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/OO/OO+Meeting+Minutes</a> .</p>



<a name="224043035"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224043035" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224043035">(Jan 26 2021 at 14:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Since CatalogEntry is owned by OO, I'll put removing it on my list to do (unless either Lloyd or Eric gets there first).  Do you recall if we have a tracker for that (I assume we should)?</p>



<a name="224046733"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224046733" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Todd Cooper <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224046733">(Jan 26 2021 at 14:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>Note that this topic (use of DeviceDefinition in the order catalog FHIR IG) is also related to a topic within HL7 DEV for the IHE Patient-Device association management profile (IHE DEV PCIM, currently V2 based) and how that could leverage current FHIR constructs as well as the <a href="http://build.fhir.org/workflow.html#relationships">Workflow</a> pattern.</p>



<a name="224049850"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224049850" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224049850">(Jan 26 2021 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>The clean-out is the responsibility of the work group that created it - though someone can certainly ask for help if they need it.  (Thanks <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span>.  Any chance we can toast VisionPrescription too, now that it's subsumed by DeviceRequest?)</p>



<a name="224068037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224068037" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224068037">(Jan 26 2021 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, that's right.  We can discuss VisionPrescription - maybe today? (need to check the agenda). <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191689">@Hans Buitendijk</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191969">@John David Larkin Nolen</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196116">@Ralf Herzog</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191408">@Lorraine Constable</span></p>



<a name="224077842"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224077842" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> François Macary <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224077842">(Jan 26 2021 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191405">Rob Hausam</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179256-Orders-and.20Observation.20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry/near/224043035">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Since CatalogEntry is owned by OO, I'll put removing it on my list to do (unless either Lloyd or Eric gets there first).  Do you recall if we have a tracker for that (I assume we should)?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-30632">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-30632</a></p>



<a name="224082092"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224082092" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224082092">(Jan 26 2021 at 18:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191405">Rob Hausam</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179256-Orders-and.20Observation.20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry/near/224068037">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Yes, that's right.  We can discuss VisionPrescription - maybe today? (need to check the agenda). <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191689">Hans Buitendijk</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191698">Riki Merrick</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191969">John David Larkin Nolen</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="196116">Ralf Herzog</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191408">Lorraine Constable</span></p>
</blockquote>
<p>when is that discussion? I'd like to join</p>



<a name="224104730"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224104730" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> François Macary <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224104730">(Jan 26 2021 at 21:16)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="192176">Todd Cooper</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179256-Orders-and.20Observation.20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry/near/223911774">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>FWIW - Thursday Q1 there is a joint with OO &amp; DEV ... perhaps this could be a topic then.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I'll attend.</p>



<a name="224136913"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224136913" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224136913">(Jan 27 2021 at 03:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like we should see about getting a vote on <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-30632">FHIR-30632</a>.  Maybe we could do that during the Catalog discussion in Q1 tomorrow?</p>



<a name="224321530"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179256-Orders%20and%20Observation%20WG/topic/DeviceDefinition%20as%20CatalogEntry/near/224321530" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> François Macary <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179256-Orders-and-Observation-WG/topic/DeviceDefinition.20as.20CatalogEntry.html#224321530">(Jan 28 2021 at 12:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Tabled for Thursday Q1</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
