---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · CON segment on VXU_V04 · V2"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/index.html">V2</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON.20segment.20on.20VXU_V04.html">CON segment on VXU_V04</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="203847604"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON%20segment%20on%20VXU_V04/near/203847604" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Cooper Thompson <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON.20segment.20on.20VXU_V04.html#203847604">(Jul 14 2020 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I mostly work with FHIR, so I have two questions:<br>
1) Is there any reason why the CON segment is not currently supported on VXU_V04 (at least as of 2.9)?<br>
2) What is the process to submit a request to add that?  Does v2 use Jira?  I don't see a v2 project there to submit against.</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192758">@Craig Newman</span> - does the CDC have any guidance on communicating consent <em>type</em> to registries?  The Texas state registry is asking for specific consent types to be sent, not just a Y/N flag in PD1-12.</p>



<a name="203878248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON%20segment%20on%20VXU_V04/near/203878248" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Craig Newman <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON.20segment.20on.20VXU_V04.html#203878248">(Jul 14 2020 at 19:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>No reason in particular, just no one has asked for it. v2 is in the process of moving to Jira, but we aren't there yet. There is a gForge site where you can log an issue (<a href="https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/v2-ballot-pkg/tracker/?action=TrackerItemBrowse&amp;tracker_id=1035">https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/v2-ballot-pkg/tracker/?action=TrackerItemBrowse&amp;tracker_id=1035</a>). Then you go to the owning WG (OO in this case) to discuss the issue and see if they are willing to make the change.</p>



<a name="203878324"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON%20segment%20on%20VXU_V04/near/203878324" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Craig Newman <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON.20segment.20on.20VXU_V04.html#203878324">(Jul 14 2020 at 19:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>We haven't run across the need for this yet, but it was mentioned on last week's AIRA interoperability call and there is a meeting being scheduled to discuss this further.</p>



<a name="203881034"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON%20segment%20on%20VXU_V04/near/203881034" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Cooper Thompson <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/229447-V2/topic/CON.20segment.20on.20VXU_V04.html#203881034">(Jul 14 2020 at 20:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/v2-ballot-pkg/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=25251">GF#25251</a> submitted.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
