---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Possible letter to PAC on Knight findings · patient empowerment"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/index.html">patient empowerment</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html">Possible letter to PAC on Knight findings</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="258822857"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258822857" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dave deBronkart <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258822857">(Oct 23 2021 at 13:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>This is a fork from <a href="#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258804893">the "Thursday Topic" thread</a>, which has spawned a draft of a proposed letter.</p>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="300914">Ryan Harrison</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258804893">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="379458">Andrea Downing</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191320">Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191315">Josh Mandel</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="408278">Brent Zenobia</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="197491">Dave deBronkart</span> <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191404">John Moehrke</span> <br>
v2 of the letter. There are comments in the docx for the suggestions from Josh, Brent, Lloyd, et al. contributed. Do double check your intent is captured.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="/user_uploads/10155/SsX5OHK8CtlQAm_-IGFoZPAI/2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.docx">2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.docx</a></li>
<li><a href="/user_uploads/10155/Gab_831EdAP5K9ZLpqnHThoW/2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.pdf">2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.pdf</a></li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191387">@Keith Boone</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span>  anyone: is there any formal process for creation of a letter "from" a workgroup to PAC??  This is the first time I (a virgin co-chair) have been in such a situation. (The same is not necessarily true of co-chairs Virginia Lorenzi (HL7 board member), Debi Willis, Abigail Watson.)</p>
<p>I (speaking for myself) welcome <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span>'s contribution here: we (the WG co-chairs, I'm confident to say) are always eager to have people participate and do the work.  At the same time, it seems like a leap to conclude with no formal process that "The Patient Empowerment Working Group is deeply concerned ... We are mad about..."</p>
<p>This Zulip note is not saying I agree or disagree with anything in Ryan's draft. This is a question about HL7 process.  My content suggestions are in the next message.<br>
(Continued)</p>



<a name="258823625"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258823625" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dave deBronkart <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258823625">(Oct 23 2021 at 13:34)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> and other senior HL7 gurus: is there a formal or recommended HL7 process for developing such a letter to PAC?</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span>  I worry that the draft, viewed in isolation, looks like an already-in-process artifact from the WG, so I suggest tweaks at the very top:</p>
<ul>
<li>Make clear at top that this is a draft you undertook on your own. Again, this is for clarity for readers who encounter this without context.</li>
<li>Where you name the Knight report, include the subtitle, which hones the focus to "API implementations"<br>
<a href="/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png">image.png</a><div class="message_inline_image"><a href="/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png" title="image.png"><img src="/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png"></a></div></li>
</ul>



<a name="258832698"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258832698" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ryan Harrison <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258832698">(Oct 23 2021 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <br>
<strong>Where does the PE WG usually collaborate on documents?</strong><br>
Do you have a collaborative document space for the PE working group (e.g. Google Drive (gDrive), Teams, Dropbox)? Where should the working version of the document be stored?</p>
<p>For v1, I authored in Libre Office, and posted to FHIR Chat<br>
For v2, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="379458">@Andrea Downing</span> used her personal gDrive, and I posted a version to FHIR Chat.</p>
<p><strong>Requested Edits</strong><br>
Done in Andrea's gDoc.</p>



<a name="258833208"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258833208" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ryan Harrison <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258833208">(Oct 23 2021 at 17:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <br>
<strong>Process</strong></p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="197491">Dave deBronkart</span> ...it seems like a leap to conclude with no formal process that "The Patient Empowerment Working Group is deeply concerned ... We are mad about..."</p>
</blockquote>
<p>To my mind, this wouldn't go out (to PAC) unless approved by the PE WG. I suggested the meeting of 28 Oct (but obviously this is the chair's decision).</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Ryan: Discuss and approve (or not) at 28 Oct WG meeting. Done and move on.</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258773462">Source</a></p>
<p>Much of the specific language was pulled from this chat. For example, "we are mad about" is from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span>, with positive reactions from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="379458">@Andrea Downing</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258764506">Source</a>.</p>



<a name="258833963"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258833963" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258833963">(Oct 23 2021 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Typically PAC solicits feedback on proposed regulations.  Initiating communication to government outside that context is quite unusual and probably doesn't have a formal process.  So just write what you'd like to say, agree on the key points as a WG and toss it to PAC.  In the end, it will likely be a message conveyed "by HL7" rather than by the PE Workgroup.</p>



<a name="258855280"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258855280" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dave deBronkart <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258855280">(Oct 24 2021 at 02:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just want to note that most members of the WG (including at least 2 of the co-chairs) have no idea this is going on, so if anyone thinks this discussion constitutes an acknowledge activity "of the WG", they're probably in the minority. <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span> </p>
<p>I'm not complaining!  I love the engagement and activism.  I'm just pointing out something everyone involved needs to be aware of before thinking something specific is happening.  (Hence my suggestion that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span> make this clear at top.)</p>
<p>p.s. I'm out of pocket this week due to my wife's Tuesday surgery so I won't be present in the Thursday meeting.</p>



<a name="258855440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258855440" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dave deBronkart <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258855440">(Oct 24 2021 at 03:01)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="300914">Ryan Harrison</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings/near/258832698">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="197491">Dave deBronkart</span> <br>
<strong>Where does the PE WG usually collaborate on documents?</strong><br>
Do you have a collaborative document space for the PE working group (e.g. Google Drive (gDrive), Teams, Dropbox)?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>No. Nothing like this has ever arisen in our young WG. Individual projects do what works for them.  </p>
<p>What SHOULD we do?  What do other happy / effective WGs do?</p>
<p>I would think, though, that it would make sense for the draft document to be at some URL people know about, e.g. in this case Andrea's GDoc.  Did I miss a link?</p>



<a name="258882868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258882868" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258882868">(Oct 24 2021 at 15:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Typically content is authored either via a Google doc or on Confluence.  (Different folks can have barriers to using one or the other.)</p>



<a name="258948809"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/258948809" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#258948809">(Oct 25 2021 at 12:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>something like this, being ahead of the PAC, can just be an email from the co-chairs. Just indicating the concerning areas that the Patients group has given the report. Up from that I prefer confluence. Google documents work better than office, but are less obvious what is the maintenance and provenance of them.</p>



<a name="259025945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/259025945" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ryan Harrison <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#259025945">(Oct 25 2021 at 21:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <br>
<strong>gDoc</strong><br>
Edits and suggestions are in <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="379458">@Andrea Downing</span> 's gDoc: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G6_3QfZRI6XPhLhtffVlHtDke5JBLP1nyhg1nJFMNDk/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G6_3QfZRI6XPhLhtffVlHtDke5JBLP1nyhg1nJFMNDk/edit#</a></p>
<p>For editing/suggesting, please request access.<br>
For read-only, we're publishing incremental snapshots (v1, v2, v3 to be released tonight) on the <a class="stream" data-stream-id="179262" href="/#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment">#patient empowerment</a> stream.</p>
<p><strong>Confluence</strong><br>
After the co-chairs post the agenda, the document link and latest snapshot will be posted to Confluence.</p>



<a name="259028530"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/259028530" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrea Downing <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#259028530">(Oct 25 2021 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="408278">@Brent Zenobia</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191387">@Keith Boone</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> <br>
v3 of the letter, following review w/ Virginia today.  </p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/10155/aepIz8dTOgOhBKGj7x92kyNj/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v3.pdf">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v3.pdf</a> <a href="/user_uploads/10155/kcPi0Hd6fvTom0tFQpGHv-oN/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR_v3.docx">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR_v3.docx</a></p>



<a name="259560338"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/259560338" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrea Downing <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#259560338">(Oct 29 2021 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Following our PE WG meeting, waiting for any final comments on the last version of our letter before we review for a vote next week.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191387">@Keith Boone</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191678">@Abbie Watson</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span>.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span> and I added those of you to the google doc who requested to be added.  Will send out update early next week.  Thx!</p>



<a name="260315644"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/260315644" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrea Downing <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#260315644">(Nov 04 2021 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>HI <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191678">@Abbie Watson</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="197491">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191387">@Keith Boone</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span>  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> </p>
<p>Here is the updated letter to PAC from PE WG.  We cleared out comments today up to recommendation #2.  Next week we'll pick this up at recommendation #2 onward.</p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/10155/lmw1pj--p846VvmUMoQjz2Wu/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.docx">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.docx</a> </p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/10155/800QdSCecFZJttZiCdyC1huM/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.pdf">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.pdf</a></p>



<a name="263196357"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/263196357" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Isaac Vetter <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#263196357">(Nov 30 2021 at 19:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are you folks familiar with:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.ehnac.org/tdraap/">EHNAC's TDRAAP program</a>? TDRAAP-Basic comes close to the certification you're asking CMS to consider creating.</li>
<li>You should understand this: <a href="https://carequality.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Carequality-Consumer-Facing-App-Certification-Profile.pdf">https://carequality.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Carequality-Consumer-Facing-App-Certification-Profile.pdf</a>. It's a specification that was re-used to create the so-called SMART Privacy Manifest concept  as defined here: <a href="https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/public_events/1548288/privacycon-2020-kenneth_mandl.pdf">https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/public_events/1548288/privacycon-2020-kenneth_mandl.pdf</a></li>
</ul>



<a name="263197479"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/263197479" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#263197479">(Nov 30 2021 at 19:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>(I'm not entirely sure what you mean about "re-used" in that last bullet point. I'm not aware of a direct lineage, but both might be seen to build on 2016 work at <a href="https://github.com/HHSIDEAlab/poet">https://github.com/HHSIDEAlab/poet</a>)</p>



<a name="263536057"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179262-patient%20empowerment/topic/Possible%20letter%20to%20PAC%20on%20Knight%20findings/near/263536057" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Virginia Lorenzi <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings.html#263536057">(Dec 03 2021 at 04:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="300914">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="379458">@Andrea Downing</span> note Isaac's suggestion</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
