---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Terminology Track needs a Volunteer to lead Connectathon 27 · connectathon mgmt"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179207-connectathon-mgmt/index.html">connectathon mgmt</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179207-connectathon-mgmt/topic/Terminology.20Track.20needs.20a.20Volunteer.20to.20lead.20Connectathon.2027.html">Terminology Track needs a Volunteer to lead Connectathon 27</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="236909574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179207-connectathon%20mgmt/topic/Terminology%20Track%20needs%20a%20Volunteer%20to%20lead%20Connectathon%2027/near/236909574" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sandy Vance <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179207-connectathon-mgmt/topic/Terminology.20Track.20needs.20a.20Volunteer.20to.20lead.20Connectathon.2027.html#236909574">(Apr 30 2021 at 21:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey all you Terminology folks out there!  Connectathon 27 is happening May 17-19 and our resident Terminology Track Leads are not available to run the track. The track proposal and scenarios are already laid out and I am sure that the esteemed Rob Hausam would be happy to help a volunteer or two prepare. If you are interested in contributing to the FHIR community as a Terminology Track Lead please reach out and let me know!</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
