---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Ballot QA · committers/announce"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/index.html">committers/announce</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html">Ballot QA</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="154020747"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154020747" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154020747">(Nov 26 2018 at 02:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi Guys - the QA documents are now available at <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1YZKJdgjmC-CJaH6HHCbYnuWJQKOM0Rs9" target="_blank" title="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1YZKJdgjmC-CJaH6HHCbYnuWJQKOM0Rs9">https://drive.google.com/open?id=1YZKJdgjmC-CJaH6HHCbYnuWJQKOM0Rs9</a> </p>
<p>There are 3 sub folders:</p>
<p>allContent: All the files need to be examined by all committees. They contain content that was not possible to assign to a committee<br>
resources: 1 file per resource. Each file needs to be examined bu the owning committee only (you know who you are!)<br>
terminology: 1 file per committee.  Also has datatypes for FHIR-I (so they don't feel under appreciated)</p>
<p>You should have view access to the files - I suggest you download the ones that apply to you and open in a local copy of word.</p>
<p>They aren'y all here yet - I'll poke the reviewers. Deadline for applying changes is December 2nd...</p>
<p>Reply here if there are any issues.</p>
<p>happy applying!</p>



<a name="154021303"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154021303" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154021303">(Nov 28 2018 at 13:04)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191321">@David Hay</span> I don't see the files for the following PC resources:  AdverseEvent, AllergyIntolerance, CareTeam, Condition, Flag, Goal, and Procedure.  Are you still poking reviewers or can I optimistically believe the reviewers didn't find any issues with PC resources?</p>



<a name="154021371"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154021371" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154021371">(Nov 28 2018 at 19:02)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> - sorry no, there are a few outstanding (according to the tracking sheet) - I've just sent out a gentle reminder...</p>



<a name="154021374"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154021374" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Melva Peters <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154021374">(Nov 28 2018 at 19:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also waiting for QA Pharmacy related resources :)</p>



<a name="154021409"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154021409" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154021409">(Nov 28 2018 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah - just had a couple more terminology ones through (not pharmacy I'm afraid). Have just reached out to the reviewers again - will post here when new items arrive...</p>



<a name="154021437"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154021437" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154021437">(Nov 28 2018 at 23:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've been traveling and working on IGs.  I don't have any of Melva's, but 'll get mine done.</p>



<a name="154022422"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022422" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022422">(Dec 03 2018 at 07:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm applying some of the changes from one of the QA reviewers and they've noted the case inconsistency between HL7 V3 and HL7 v2.<br>
Is this intentional, or can/should we make them consistent. Expecting that this is in quite a few places - and leaning to leave it alone right now.<br>
(this is in allContentSection22 for those interested)</p>



<a name="154022425"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022425" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022425">(Dec 03 2018 at 07:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've completed applying the changes in all the QA files in the "allcontent" google folder, with the exception of the notes on the ballot in the allContentSection1MZ file - which I'm assuming will be removed/significantly changed for the published content.<br>
(<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191321">@David Hay</span> )<br>
So if anyone wants to check these they are in the pull request now in progress.<br>
Moving on to apply the PA resource QA review changes after dinner tonight.</p>



<a name="154022577"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022577" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022577">(Dec 03 2018 at 19:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't know if we have any institutional position on case of v2 vs V3</p>



<a name="154022592"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022592" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022592">(Dec 03 2018 at 20:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>FHIR-I decision: uppercase v2. There's 157207 uses of 'v2' for me to examine for whether they are affected by the decision</p>



<a name="154022593"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022593" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Elliot Silver <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022593">(Dec 03 2018 at 20:47)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>uppercase v2.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Please tell me that was intentional.</p>



<a name="154022594"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154022594" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154022594">(Dec 03 2018 at 20:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>sigh</p>



<a name="154023384"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023384" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023384">(Dec 06 2018 at 02:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>A reminder to all that there's still time to apply QA! Due to popular demand, the timeline has been extended to next week!  Please make sure to update the on-line spreadsheet so we know when it's been done...</p>



<a name="154023530"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023530" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023530">(Dec 06 2018 at 17:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah. I stopped when I saw that last sunday was the deadline...</p>



<a name="154023554"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023554" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023554">(Dec 06 2018 at 18:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeah - that's why I thought I'd ping you!  And remember that you need to look at all 3 tabs - in particular all the files in the 'allContent' tab as they weren't able to be assigned to specific committees...</p>



<a name="154023587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023587" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023587">(Dec 06 2018 at 21:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've already applied everything in the allcontent tab, so you can skip that one (with the exception of the ballot pages)</p>



<a name="154023605"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023605" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023605">(Dec 06 2018 at 23:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191367">@Brian Postlethwaite</span> for all committees?</p>



<a name="154023622"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023622" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023622">(Dec 06 2018 at 23:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>That whole folder all changes. wasn't that much in there anyway, and nothing controversial.</p>



<a name="154023633"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023633" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023633">(Dec 07 2018 at 00:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks!</p>



<a name="154023737"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot%20QA/near/154023737" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Ballot.20QA.html#154023737">(Dec 07 2018 at 13:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
