---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Monday Lunch Committers meeting · committers/announce"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/index.html">committers/announce</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html">Monday Lunch Committers meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="154002538"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154002538" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154002538">(Sep 29 2018 at 21:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>As we've done for the past couple of WGMs, the Monday lunchtime FHIR Management Group meeting will be used to host an open session for FHIR committers.  Grab your lunch, then come to Annapolis.  Topics to be covered are:</p>
<ul>
<li>The move to Git - questions/concerns/plans</li>
<li>Dynamic behavior in IGs</li>
<li>IG development questions and future plans</li>
<li>Other?</li>
</ul>
<p>The session is intended for those who have (or expect to soon need) committer privileges to work on updating FHIR resources and/or implementation guide content.</p>



<a name="154003788"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003788" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003788">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>is anyone from IHE in that meeting? i have a few questions for IG development questions and plans. should I post them here?</p>



<a name="154003789"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003789" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003789">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>(or am i too late for this round?)</p>



<a name="154003790"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003790" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003790">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Jose, I will be there.</p>



<a name="154003791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003791" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003791">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>great</p>



<a name="154003793"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003793" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003793">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:19)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> Question: can we fork the DaVinci IG template  for that (there is no licensing information on github repo)? I think <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> was going to do something there so we can wait - or help, which is better.</p>



<a name="154003795"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154003795" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154003795">(Oct 01 2018 at 16:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Please - no discussion on Announce</p>



<a name="154005664"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154005664" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154005664">(Oct 04 2018 at 11:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>At the Mon lunch, I thought there was mention of a possible committers breakfast (to demo the new process).  Is that today?  If so, where?</p>



<a name="154005790"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154005790" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154005790">(Oct 04 2018 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm I forgot about this - looks like I wasn't the only one :-(</p>



<a name="154005791"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154005791" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154005791">(Oct 04 2018 at 15:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>should we do this at the facilitators round table at 5:15pm tonight?</p>



<a name="154006023"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154006023" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brett Marquard <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154006023">(Oct 04 2018 at 18:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds great - Michelle, would you be willing to capture notes?</p>



<a name="154006069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154006069" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154006069">(Oct 04 2018 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will do this in Constellation D at 5:10pm</p>



<a name="154006070"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday%20Lunch%20Committers%20meeting/near/154006070" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179294-committers/announce/topic/Monday.20Lunch.20Committers.20meeting.html#154006070">(Oct 04 2018 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will demonstrate a typical process - I have a typo to fix as a demonstration</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
