[
    {
        "content": "<p>Wednesday 10-11 ET / 15-16 GMT / 16-17 CET has been proposed as time slot for the regular project calls.<br>\nThere is a request to move it to Wed 11-12 ET.<br>\nThis conflicts with the IPS bi-weekly calls, but it could be fine if the FAIRness for FHIR calls alternate with the IPS ones.<br>\nLet me have your feedbacks . <br>\nA decision will be taken on the Wed 3rd call. (scheduled at 10-11 ET)</p>",
        "id": 224536666,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1611955999
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some other options have been proposed, so I prepared a doodle for knowing your preferences .<br>\n<a href=\"https://doodle.com/poll/faayekmqtzntmk7u\">https://doodle.com/poll/faayekmqtzntmk7u</a></p>",
        "id": 224710431,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612177181
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please confirm the start time of the call tomorrow and provide the call-in details. Tx.</p>",
        "id": 224904776,
        "sender_full_name": "Ian D Harrow",
        "timestamp": 1612286489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The tomorrow call (Feb 3rd) is confirmed at 10 am ET / 16 CET (the doodle was for the recurring future calls)</p>",
        "id": 224906019,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612286951
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agenda and call-in details here <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/SOA/FAIRness+for+FHIR+2021-02-03\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/SOA/FAIRness+for+FHIR+2021-02-03</a></p>",
        "id": 224906230,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612287027
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191415\">Giorgio Cangioli</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/267332-FAIR/topic/FAIRness.20for.20FHIR.20call.20scheduling/near/224906019\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>The tomorrow call (Feb 3rd) is confirmed at 10 am ET / 16 CET (the doodle was for the recurring future calls)</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>thanks</p>",
        "id": 225014368,
        "sender_full_name": "Oya Deniz Beyan",
        "timestamp": 1612358884
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry I have a meeting conflict today.</p>",
        "id": 225030519,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1612365825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It seems the zoom session has been</p>",
        "id": 225034906,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612367614
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hacked</p>",
        "id": 225034920,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612367619
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll share the presentation  in the confluence page an we can try to proceed off-line</p>",
        "id": 225035203,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612367719
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll be happy to have at least one real/realistic use case per type of case (possible with data that we can reuse)</p>",
        "id": 225035408,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612367783
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we make a separate topic for this in zulip or a confluence page ?</p>",
        "id": 225035510,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1612367832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>A different Zoom link for future meetings which is not shared publicly on Confluence? Might need to use a waiting room too?</p>",
        "id": 225035588,
        "sender_full_name": "Ian D Harrow",
        "timestamp": 1612367866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Separate topic for use case development sound useful.</p>",
        "id": 225035852,
        "sender_full_name": "Ian D Harrow",
        "timestamp": 1612367942
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191415\">@Giorgio Cangioli</span>  Last week I had call with Hugh Glover and he mentioned the the Vulcan RWD for FDA filing might benefit from the FHIR4FAIR work. Apparently, the FDA are active participants in their WG. You might want to discuss this directly with him?</p>",
        "id": 225036411,
        "sender_full_name": "Ian D Harrow",
        "timestamp": 1612368118
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>See <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/2021-01+Vulcan+-+Real+World+Data+%28RWD%29+Submission+to+FDA\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/2021-01+Vulcan+-+Real+World+Data+%28RWD%29+Submission+to+FDA</a></p>",
        "id": 225037540,
        "sender_full_name": "Ian D Harrow",
        "timestamp": 1612368520
    }
]