[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191367\">@Brian Postlethwaite</span>  &amp; <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191368\">@Brett Esler</span>: It has been suggested that I show some of the prototype work we've been doing in the FHIR logical modelling space at the connectathon next week.  Rebecca is okay for me to do it, but says I need to co-ordinate with you on whether or not it's feasible to add it to the programme at this late stage, and, if it is, at what time.  I would think I only need 1/2 an hour, although I could stretch it to a whole hour if you need me to.  What do you think?</p>",
        "id": 153855194,
        "sender_full_name": "Stephen Royce",
        "timestamp": 1478140293
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good to me.<br>\nWe should have that discussion in the opening of the meeting to see interest and what room we can do this.<br>\nI would like to have the developers see that, maybe just after lunch on Monday for the half hour so that they can get an idea what is going on.<br>\n<a href=\"http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda\">http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda</a><br>\nShows that we should be ok with that slot.</p>",
        "id": 153855196,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1478140812
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is that Monday Q3 you're suggesting?  Anyway, whatever suits you and you think is best, I'm happy to go along with.</p>",
        "id": 153855199,
        "sender_full_name": "Stephen Royce",
        "timestamp": 1478141865
    }
]