[
    {
        "content": "<p>This is a fork from <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258804893\">the \"Thursday Topic\" thread</a>, which has spawned a draft of a proposed letter.</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"300914\">Ryan Harrison</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258804893\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"379458\">Andrea Downing</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191320\">Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191315\">Josh Mandel</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"408278\">Brent Zenobia</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"197491\">Dave deBronkart</span> <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191404\">John Moehrke</span> <br>\nv2 of the letter. There are comments in the docx for the suggestions from Josh, Brent, Lloyd, et al. contributed. Do double check your intent is captured.</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/SsX5OHK8CtlQAm_-IGFoZPAI/2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.docx\">2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.docx</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/Gab_831EdAP5K9ZLpqnHThoW/2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.pdf\">2021-10-22-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v2.pdf</a></li>\n</ul>\n</blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191387\">@Keith Boone</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span>  anyone: is there any formal process for creation of a letter \"from\" a workgroup to PAC??  This is the first time I (a virgin co-chair) have been in such a situation. (The same is not necessarily true of co-chairs Virginia Lorenzi (HL7 board member), Debi Willis, Abigail Watson.)</p>\n<p>I (speaking for myself) welcome <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span>'s contribution here: we (the WG co-chairs, I'm confident to say) are always eager to have people participate and do the work.  At the same time, it seems like a leap to conclude with no formal process that \"The Patient Empowerment Working Group is deeply concerned ... We are mad about...\"</p>\n<p>This Zulip note is not saying I agree or disagree with anything in Ryan's draft. This is a question about HL7 process.  My content suggestions are in the next message.<br>\n(Continued)</p>",
        "id": 258822857,
        "sender_full_name": "Dave deBronkart",
        "timestamp": 1634995090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> and other senior HL7 gurus: is there a formal or recommended HL7 process for developing such a letter to PAC?</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span>  I worry that the draft, viewed in isolation, looks like an already-in-process artifact from the WG, so I suggest tweaks at the very top:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Make clear at top that this is a draft you undertook on your own. Again, this is for clarity for readers who encounter this without context.</li>\n<li>Where you name the Knight report, include the subtitle, which hones the focus to \"API implementations\"<br>\n<a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png\">image.png</a><div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/10155/BaYwhy64pw4hPPm92xAZiR2K/image.png\"></a></div></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 258823625,
        "sender_full_name": "Dave deBronkart",
        "timestamp": 1634996064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <br>\n<strong>Where does the PE WG usually collaborate on documents?</strong><br>\nDo you have a collaborative document space for the PE working group (e.g. Google Drive (gDrive), Teams, Dropbox)? Where should the working version of the document be stored?</p>\n<p>For v1, I authored in Libre Office, and posted to FHIR Chat<br>\nFor v2, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"379458\">@Andrea Downing</span> used her personal gDrive, and I posted a version to FHIR Chat.</p>\n<p><strong>Requested Edits</strong><br>\nDone in Andrea's gDoc.</p>",
        "id": 258832698,
        "sender_full_name": "Ryan Harrison",
        "timestamp": 1635008308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <br>\n<strong>Process</strong></p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"197491\">Dave deBronkart</span> ...it seems like a leap to conclude with no formal process that \"The Patient Empowerment Working Group is deeply concerned ... We are mad about...\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>To my mind, this wouldn't go out (to PAC) unless approved by the PE WG. I suggested the meeting of 28 Oct (but obviously this is the chair's decision).</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Ryan: Discuss and approve (or not) at 28 Oct WG meeting. Done and move on.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258773462\">Source</a></p>\n<p>Much of the specific language was pulled from this chat. For example, \"we are mad about\" is from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span>, with positive reactions from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"379458\">@Andrea Downing</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191315\">@Josh Mandel</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Thursday.20topic.3A.20presentation.20.26.20discussion.20w.20Alissa.20Knight/near/258764506\">Source</a>.</p>",
        "id": 258833208,
        "sender_full_name": "Ryan Harrison",
        "timestamp": 1635008916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Typically PAC solicits feedback on proposed regulations.  Initiating communication to government outside that context is quite unusual and probably doesn't have a formal process.  So just write what you'd like to say, agree on the key points as a WG and toss it to PAC.  In the end, it will likely be a message conveyed \"by HL7\" rather than by the PE Workgroup.</p>",
        "id": 258833963,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1635009929
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just want to note that most members of the WG (including at least 2 of the co-chairs) have no idea this is going on, so if anyone thinks this discussion constitutes an acknowledge activity \"of the WG\", they're probably in the minority. <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> </p>\n<p>I'm not complaining!  I love the engagement and activism.  I'm just pointing out something everyone involved needs to be aware of before thinking something specific is happening.  (Hence my suggestion that <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span> make this clear at top.)</p>\n<p>p.s. I'm out of pocket this week due to my wife's Tuesday surgery so I won't be present in the Thursday meeting.</p>",
        "id": 258855280,
        "sender_full_name": "Dave deBronkart",
        "timestamp": 1635044274
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"300914\">Ryan Harrison</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment/topic/Possible.20letter.20to.20PAC.20on.20Knight.20findings/near/258832698\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"197491\">Dave deBronkart</span> <br>\n<strong>Where does the PE WG usually collaborate on documents?</strong><br>\nDo you have a collaborative document space for the PE working group (e.g. Google Drive (gDrive), Teams, Dropbox)?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>No. Nothing like this has ever arisen in our young WG. Individual projects do what works for them.  </p>\n<p>What SHOULD we do?  What do other happy / effective WGs do?</p>\n<p>I would think, though, that it would make sense for the draft document to be at some URL people know about, e.g. in this case Andrea's GDoc.  Did I miss a link?</p>",
        "id": 258855440,
        "sender_full_name": "Dave deBronkart",
        "timestamp": 1635044469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Typically content is authored either via a Google doc or on Confluence.  (Different folks can have barriers to using one or the other.)</p>",
        "id": 258882868,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1635088031
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>something like this, being ahead of the PAC, can just be an email from the co-chairs. Just indicating the concerning areas that the Patients group has given the report. Up from that I prefer confluence. Google documents work better than office, but are less obvious what is the maintenance and provenance of them.</p>",
        "id": 258948809,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1635163373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <br>\n<strong>gDoc</strong><br>\nEdits and suggestions are in <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"379458\">@Andrea Downing</span> 's gDoc: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G6_3QfZRI6XPhLhtffVlHtDke5JBLP1nyhg1nJFMNDk/edit\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G6_3QfZRI6XPhLhtffVlHtDke5JBLP1nyhg1nJFMNDk/edit#</a></p>\n<p>For editing/suggesting, please request access.<br>\nFor read-only, we're publishing incremental snapshots (v1, v2, v3 to be released tonight) on the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179262\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179262-patient-empowerment\">#patient empowerment</a> stream.</p>\n<p><strong>Confluence</strong><br>\nAfter the co-chairs post the agenda, the document link and latest snapshot will be posted to Confluence.</p>",
        "id": 259025945,
        "sender_full_name": "Ryan Harrison",
        "timestamp": 1635199084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"408278\">@Brent Zenobia</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191387\">@Keith Boone</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> <br>\nv3 of the letter, following review w/ Virginia today.  </p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/aepIz8dTOgOhBKGj7x92kyNj/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v3.pdf\">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v3.pdf</a> <a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/kcPi0Hd6fvTom0tFQpGHv-oN/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR_v3.docx\">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR_v3.docx</a></p>",
        "id": 259028530,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrea Downing",
        "timestamp": 1635200503
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Following our PE WG meeting, waiting for any final comments on the last version of our letter before we review for a vote next week.  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191387\">@Keith Boone</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191678\">@Abbie Watson</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span>.  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span> and I added those of you to the google doc who requested to be added.  Will send out update early next week.  Thx!</p>",
        "id": 259560338,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrea Downing",
        "timestamp": 1635529913
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>HI <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191678\">@Abbie Watson</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197491\">@Dave deBronkart</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191387\">@Keith Boone</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span>  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191315\">@Josh Mandel</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> </p>\n<p>Here is the updated letter to PAC from PE WG.  We cleared out comments today up to recommendation #2.  Next week we'll pick this up at recommendation #2 onward.</p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/lmw1pj--p846VvmUMoQjz2Wu/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.docx\">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.docx</a> </p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/800QdSCecFZJttZiCdyC1huM/2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.pdf\">2021-10-25-HL7-Patient-Empowerment-WG-meeting-DRAFT-proposed-response-to-Playing-with-FHIR-v4.pdf</a></p>",
        "id": 260315644,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrea Downing",
        "timestamp": 1636051198
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are you folks familiar with:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"https://www.ehnac.org/tdraap/\">EHNAC's TDRAAP program</a>? TDRAAP-Basic comes close to the certification you're asking CMS to consider creating.</li>\n<li>You should understand this: <a href=\"https://carequality.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Carequality-Consumer-Facing-App-Certification-Profile.pdf\">https://carequality.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Carequality-Consumer-Facing-App-Certification-Profile.pdf</a>. It's a specification that was re-used to create the so-called SMART Privacy Manifest concept  as defined here: <a href=\"https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/public_events/1548288/privacycon-2020-kenneth_mandl.pdf\">https://www.ftc.gov/system/files/documents/public_events/1548288/privacycon-2020-kenneth_mandl.pdf</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 263196357,
        "sender_full_name": "Isaac Vetter",
        "timestamp": 1638300710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(I'm not entirely sure what you mean about \"re-used\" in that last bullet point. I'm not aware of a direct lineage, but both might be seen to build on 2016 work at <a href=\"https://github.com/HHSIDEAlab/poet\">https://github.com/HHSIDEAlab/poet</a>)</p>",
        "id": 263197479,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1638301221
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"300914\">@Ryan Harrison</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"379458\">@Andrea Downing</span> note Isaac's suggestion</p>",
        "id": 263536057,
        "sender_full_name": "Virginia Lorenzi",
        "timestamp": 1638507458
    }
]