[
    {
        "content": "<p>Our meetings are maturing to be regular reviews of what’s happening on each of our three projects. Do any of you leaders need/want a slot this Thursday?</p>\n<p>I’ll want a few minutes to draw attention to the OpenNotes info I posted earlier. You?</p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"256347\">@Jan Oldenburg</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"270306\">@Maria D Moen</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"222957\">@Dave Hill</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191678\">@Abigail Watson</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191531\">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"225094\">@Debi Willis</span></p>",
        "id": 213183033,
        "sender_full_name": "Dave deBronkart",
        "timestamp": 1602607012
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure, I'll take a few minutes to update the group on where we are with the PP and PSS.</p>",
        "id": 213211480,
        "sender_full_name": "Maria D Moen",
        "timestamp": 1602620379
    }
]