[
    {
        "content": "<p>Work groups have just over 2 weeks (end of day Dec 1) to get the QA spreadsheet \"complete\" for all of their resources, profiles, data types, etc. that are part of the core specification.  (Extensions only need to be assigned an FMM level if they can be used on one of the candidate normative artifacts.)  The FMM values for resources will be determined based on the combination of the output of the QA spreadsheet as well as the presence of warning and information messages in the build.  Work groups should be identifying what their target FMM levels are for their artifacts and ensuring all relevant information is filled into the QA spreadsheet - here: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1COTmtlXgGWuFpoSr1ZQQK30S7ReCpVsk_NZI6xIeSHI\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1COTmtlXgGWuFpoSr1ZQQK30S7ReCpVsk_NZI6xIeSHI\">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1COTmtlXgGWuFpoSr1ZQQK30S7ReCpVsk_NZI6xIeSHI</a></p>",
        "id": 154018874,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542297390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i doubt very much oo will have this completed by then since 00 = me.  And I have other priorities right now</p>",
        "id": 154018889,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1542301584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191401\">@Eric Haas</span> - does OO have anyone else who could help?</p>",
        "id": 154018947,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542314930
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least with the review piece, if not the documentation piece?  Presumably OO can at least identify their targets?  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191689\">@Hans Buitendijk</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196271\">@Andrea Pitkus, PhD, MLS(ASCP)CM, CSM</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 154018949,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542315001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(deleted)</p>",
        "id": 154018985,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1542320466
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I announced the task and timeline on today's OO call.  nobody jumped in.</p>",
        "id": 154018986,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1542320528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think this timing (over holidays)is horrible and the commiters already overtaxed.</p>",
        "id": 154018987,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1542320583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, in principle, the timing has been over the last year.  It's just that the final due dates are now.  We really need to be better about having some of this work happen on an ongoing basis.  And figuring out better ways to parcel out the work...</p>",
        "id": 154018989,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542320919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will definitely help with this for OO.  And I wasn't on the call since the Dev Days party took priority this time. :)</p>",
        "id": 154019014,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1542322872
    }
]