[
    {
        "content": "<p>As I shared on the co-chairs list a few days ago, there's a <em>lot</em> of outstanding change requests that need to be applied.  Deadline for R4B is just past the end of Feb.  Deadline for all normative content in R5 is end of March.    That's 2 weeks and ~ 6 weeks respectively.  And July for all R5 changes will come sooner than we'd all like.  So hopefully all work groups are prioritizing getting their particular work group's changes made in a timely fashion.  If any of you have some extra cycles, FHIR-I is facing a backlog of over 700 unapplied changes.  Details on how to help out are here: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179280-fhir.2Finfrastructure-wg/topic/Volunteers.20needed\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179280-fhir.2Finfrastructure-wg/topic/Volunteers.20needed</a></p>\n<p>If you need help or guidance yourselves, please PM me or raise on the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179165\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179165-committers\">#committers</a> stream.</p>",
        "id": 226470205,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1613449494
    }
]