[
    {
        "content": "<p>As usual, we'll be having a training/discussion session for co-chairs, IG authors and other individuals who are involved in the creation of IGs and the management of FHIR artifacts.   Room is Convention 3.3 (grab your lunch first)</p>\n<p>Topics of conversation include:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Common Jira issues (and how to address them)</li>\n<li>Configuring Jira so it understands your IG</li>\n<li>IG Publisher changes and using templates</li>\n<li>whatever else you want to</li>\n</ul>\n<p>NOTE: Lunch is only 1 hour, so try to grab your food as quickly as you can.  Will try to start the session at 1:10.  (And given the distance of some foods, we won't run longer than 1:50.)</p>",
        "id": 187316985,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1580772880
    }
]