[
    {
        "content": "<p>As we've done for the past couple of WGMs, the Monday lunchtime FHIR Management Group meeting will be used to host an open session for FHIR committers.  Grab your lunch, then come to Annapolis.  Topics to be covered are:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>The move to Git - questions/concerns/plans</li>\n<li>Dynamic behavior in IGs</li>\n<li>IG development questions and future plans</li>\n<li>Other?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>The session is intended for those who have (or expect to soon need) committer privileges to work on updating FHIR resources and/or implementation guide content.</p>",
        "id": 154002538,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1538257302
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is anyone from IHE in that meeting? i have a few questions for IG development questions and plans. should I post them here?</p>",
        "id": 154003788,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1538410258
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or am i too late for this round?)</p>",
        "id": 154003789,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1538410278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Jose, I will be there.</p>",
        "id": 154003790,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1538410378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>great</p>",
        "id": 154003791,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1538410387
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> Question: can we fork the DaVinci IG template  for that (there is no licensing information on github repo)? I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> was going to do something there so we can wait - or help, which is better.</p>",
        "id": 154003793,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1538410788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please - no discussion on Announce</p>",
        "id": 154003795,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1538410993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At the Mon lunch, I thought there was mention of a possible committers breakfast (to demo the new process).  Is that today?  If so, where?</p>",
        "id": 154005664,
        "sender_full_name": "Michelle (Moseman) Miller",
        "timestamp": 1538651304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hmm I forgot about this - looks like I wasn't the only one :-(</p>",
        "id": 154005790,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1538666162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we do this at the facilitators round table at 5:15pm tonight?</p>",
        "id": 154005791,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1538666195
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds great - Michelle, would you be willing to capture notes?</p>",
        "id": 154006023,
        "sender_full_name": "Brett Marquard",
        "timestamp": 1538679362
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will do this in Constellation D at 5:10pm</p>",
        "id": 154006069,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1538682245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will demonstrate a typical process - I have a typo to fix as a demonstration</p>",
        "id": 154006070,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1538682261
    }
]