[
    {
        "content": "<p>At today's Q4 FMG call, we confirmed that both the Conformance/Terminology content and Observation content will be going back to ballot.  We adjusted a couple of the dates based on feedback from Lynn.</p>\n<p>The final schedule is posted on the FHIR wiki here: <a href=\"http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep\">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep</a></p>",
        "id": 154006164,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1538699344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Committers are expected to be aware of - and adhere to - these dates</p>",
        "id": 154006165,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1538699367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One note: As of next Friday, all new non-typo change requests will automatically get deferred to R5.  You're free to look through those and choose certain ones you want to apply in this release, but you'll have to go looking for them.</p>",
        "id": 154006281,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1538747060
    }
]