[
    {
        "content": "<p>Proposed Schedule:</p>\n<p>Monday Q2: Resource Version #1</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16165\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16165\">GF#16165</a>, <a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16127\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16127\">GF#16127</a>, GF 17001, GF 17002: (multiple) resource.meta.version</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Monday Q3: API related issues</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16369\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16369\">GF#16369</a> Andy Gregorowicz should we change the way number imprecision is handled when searching? </li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16957\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16957\">GF#16957</a> Ken Sinn Search Post requirement</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Tues Q2: conformance related issues</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17087\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17087\">GF#17087</a> Lloyd Mckenzie - Bundle URL resolution</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17085\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=17085\">GF#17085</a> Lloyd Mckenzie - Bundles and versions</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16862\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16862\">GF#16862</a> Amnon Shabo make ElementDefinition.constraint.expression option?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Tues Q3: Canonical &amp; display</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=15879\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=15879\">GF#15879</a> Lloyd Mckenzie should we change canonical to allow a display element (like reference)?</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16055\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16055\">GF#16055</a> Grahame remove url as an option for ElementDefinition.binding.valueSet? </li>\n</ul>\n<p>Tues Q4:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16331\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16331\">GF#16331</a> Rob McClure Question about who makes up code system urls</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16333\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16333\">GF#16333</a> Rob McClure  question about the use of additional flags around extensible bindings )</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Wed Q2 - Resource Version #2<br>\n- revisit and finalise resource versioning </p>\n<p>Wed Q3 - data types (MnM)</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16874\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16874\">GF#16874</a> Chris Melo should we allow exponential forms in decimal?</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16297\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16297\">GF#16297</a> Lloyd Mckenzie should we define a more concise form for money? (and related issues for duration and distance)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Thurs Q1: CapabilityStatement</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14444\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14444\">GF#14444</a> Lloyd Mckenzie - CapabilityStatement ready for normative?</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Thurs Q2: overflow, appeals, raised issues</p>\n<ul>\n<li>TBA</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Thurs Q3 - Security related issues</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16392\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16392\">GF#16392</a> John Moerhke move Bundle.signature to an extension? </li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14563\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14563\">GF#14563</a> John Moerhke questions about Bundle.securityContext</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16622\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=16622\">GF#16622</a> Lloyd Mckenzie question about contained tags and security labels ()</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 153960017,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1526286813
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we are aware that people are constrained, but so are we (as as consequence). So the really contentious issue, we've scheduled 2 sessions: Mon Q2 (right now) and Wed Q2. The intent is that we will form a proposed resolution during the first session, publish that for dsicussion and consideration, and then revisit and finalise Wed Q2</p>",
        "id": 153960018,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1526286914
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192099\">@Chris Melo</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191328\">@Ewout Kramer</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191434\">@Andy Gregorowicz</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"192143\">@Ken Sinn</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191430\">@Paul Knapp</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191503\">@Robert McClure</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191923\">@Amnon Shvo</span></p>",
        "id": 153960019,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1526286987
    }
]