[
    {
        "content": "<p>The way the FHIR Clinical Genomics Subgroup works means that I cannot commit to the FHIR SVN repo until changes are approved through majority voting. At the same time, people have been asking for a way to see logs of weekly or periodic changes, the latest code, etc. As such, I'd like to create a public GitHub repo with the genomics resource/profiles and work there on a continuous basis. Then, after the couple of times per year that everything is subjected to voting, I'll be able to commit the approved code to the FHIR SVN repo. <br>\nMy question is the following: do I need to include any special statements, licenses, or the like, in the public GitHub repo that will contain these \"unofficial\" FHIR genomics resource/profiles? <br>\nDo you have any other suggestions or comments? Thanks a lot!</p>",
        "id": 153827862,
        "sender_full_name": "Gaston Fiore",
        "timestamp": 1463179489
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you use FHIR in the name of the repo, you'll need to ask for trademark approval as soon as the trademark system is up (this week, hopefully). Permission will be granted for this use.</p>",
        "id": 153827884,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1463302424
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But I recommend to the committee nut to </p>",
        "id": 153827885,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1463302448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not to get so out of sync with the current version </p>",
        "id": 153827886,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1463302490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Most work groups make changes to resources on the basis of tracker items that are approved by the work group.  Such approvals are normally done as part of the work groups' weekly or bi-weekly calls.  Occasionally, changes might be applied prior to approval to give the WG an idea of what the outcome of the change will be.  What's the reason for diverging from that typical process for Clinical Genomics?  </p>",
        "id": 153827934,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1463365487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> for the background on how things work usually at WGs. I'm brand new to FHIR and the CG WG and thus I don't have answers as to why the CG WG works differently from what you described. I'll let <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191916\">@ Bob Milius</span> and/or <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191719\">@Gil Alterovitz</span> explain this. Thanks a lot for your input!</p>",
        "id": 153827969,
        "sender_full_name": "Gaston Fiore",
        "timestamp": 1463406119
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>CG hasn't been using the tracker to manage changes, but I'm thinking that we should. So, to submit a change request, I would click on the \"Propose a change\" link on the bottom of the resource/profile page? Is that how it would be done? Typically in the past, our work group would have a discussion on issues/proposed changes/use cases, and Gil's group would propose a way to address the issue and  implement it on his server which doesn't require a WG vote. It would be a straw man approach. Once the WG agrees with his changes (not always easy) and votes it up, it gets put into the current build. Maybe we should go straight to the current build and us the tracker to keep us on track? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191719\">@Gil Alterovitz</span> </p>",
        "id": 153827983,
        "sender_full_name": " Bob Milius",
        "timestamp": 1463412246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When we set up the FHIR subgroup, we decided as a group to go with the approach of having the subgroup look through different models- and then the subgroup would recommend a solution for the overall main group to evaluate and vote on.  Since there were often a number of interlinked issues in the modeling, with need look at different options/examples quickly, we did that in exploratory approach on the calls.  We can certainly revisit that as we get toward non-draft version that won't have as many inter-related changes/models over time.  I will bring this up at future subgroup meeting.</p>",
        "id": 153827991,
        "sender_full_name": "Gil Alterovitz",
        "timestamp": 1463415874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There is a maturity aspect to this. and as more involvement comes, the cost of a sub-group agility grows</p>",
        "id": 153827998,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1463420010
    }
]