[
    {
        "content": "<p>Where's the best place to read about the work that's done / being done on representing patient payments in FHIR?</p>",
        "id": 278236853,
        "sender_full_name": "Brendan Keeler",
        "timestamp": 1649372042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe this is something being considered for R5</p>",
        "id": 278236870,
        "sender_full_name": "Brendan Keeler",
        "timestamp": 1649372055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191430\">@Paul Knapp</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191884\">@MaryKay McDaniel</span></p>",
        "id": 278237068,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1649372212
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"197159\">@Alex Beckner</span> <br>\nPaul and Alex were leading the Account updates. Nothing has been applied for R5, but here are the tickets around 'account' you may be interested in. (specifically <a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-26601\">FHIR-26601</a>)<br>\n<a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/dR10dc7EAY9kegAj7wSsaxUu/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/dR10dc7EAY9kegAj7wSsaxUu/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/10155/dR10dc7EAY9kegAj7wSsaxUu/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 278357886,
        "sender_full_name": "MaryKay McDaniel",
        "timestamp": 1649449558
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And <code>Account</code> is one of the Patient Admin owned resources (in the overlap space) so we'll be reviewing and updating those parts too.</p>",
        "id": 278527692,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1649669062
    }
]