---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · New OMOP + FHIR Terminologies Subgroup meeting cadence · omop + fhir"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/index.html">omop + fhir</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/topic/New.20OMOP.20.2B.20FHIR.20Terminologies.20Subgroup.20meeting.20cadence.html">New OMOP + FHIR Terminologies Subgroup meeting cadence</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="264874413"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/286658-omop%20%2B%20fhir/topic/New%20OMOP%20%2B%20FHIR%20Terminologies%20Subgroup%20meeting%20cadence/near/264874413" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/topic/New.20OMOP.20.2B.20FHIR.20Terminologies.20Subgroup.20meeting.20cadence.html#264874413">(Dec 14 2021 at 15:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello  OMOP + FHIR Community &amp; Terminology Subgroup members!</p>
<p>We have identified the need for a revised meeting cadence aiming to accommodate additional, interested community members globally.  As discussed in yesterday’s meeting, I have created two Doodle polls for you to indicate your availability / preferences for two, alternating biweekly meetings in 2022:</p>
<p>The OMOP + FHIR Terminologies Subgroup Eastern Edition poll  aims to accommodate European &amp; Eastern US participants --&gt;<br>
<a href="https://doodle.com/poll/yafb95mgzevbgpdd?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link">https://doodle.com/poll/yafb95mgzevbgpdd?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link</a></p>
<p>The OMOP + FHIR Terminologies Subgroup Western / So Pacific Edition poll aims to accommodate Western US, Australian &amp; New Zealand participants --&gt;<br>
<a href="https://doodle.com/poll/msbn4nrape8f22qa?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link">https://doodle.com/poll/msbn4nrape8f22qa?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link</a></p>
<p>Everyone is welcome at each of the revised meeting times regardless of your locale. Please respond to one or both polls by Tuesday, December 21, 2021.  </p>
<p>Of note: the polls were designed to indicate preferences for meetings in a generic sense for weeks moving forward into 2022, and not for the specific days indicated. Updated results from this poll will be shared at the next regularly scheduled Terminologies Subgroup meeting at 2pm EASTERN, Monday January 10, with follow-up messages posted to the listservs and in Zulip.  Please forward this message as appropriate.  Also please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.  </p>
<p>Thank-you for your continued participation in the OMOP + FHIR working group!<br>
Davera Gabriel</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
