---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Terminologies Subgroup Meeting Schedule · omop + fhir"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/index.html">omop + fhir</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/topic/Terminologies.20Subgroup.20Meeting.20Schedule.html">Terminologies Subgroup Meeting Schedule</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="259290421"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/286658-omop%20%2B%20fhir/topic/Terminologies%20Subgroup%20Meeting%20Schedule/near/259290421" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/topic/Terminologies.20Subgroup.20Meeting.20Schedule.html#259290421">(Oct 27 2021 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello All: <br>
There is a doodle poll to determine the next and ongoing meeting time that has been sent to a list of folks indicating interest in this subgroup activities.  If you are interested in this group and did not receive this eMail, please message me  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="340004">@Davera Gabriel</span> and indicate your availability for next week and ongoing meetings by responding to the following doodle poll: <br>
<a href="https://doodle.com/poll/fe9ekii7tbig7cid?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link">https://doodle.com/poll/fe9ekii7tbig7cid?utm_source=poll&amp;utm_medium=link</a> <br>
Happy to answer any other questions you may have as well<br>
Cheers,<br>
Davera</p>



<a name="259567581"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/286658-omop%20%2B%20fhir/topic/Terminologies%20Subgroup%20Meeting%20Schedule/near/259567581" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/286658-omop-+-fhir/topic/Terminologies.20Subgroup.20Meeting.20Schedule.html#259567581">(Oct 29 2021 at 18:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello All:<br>
The results of the doodle poll has us meeting on Monday, 2-3p Eastern.  There are a couple of respondents to the poll for whom I do not have eMail addresses - so please message me with your eMail address if you did not receive an invitation, but would like one.<br>
Cheers<br>
Davera</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
