[
    {
        "content": "<p>With Grahame's permission, I've pre-applied an unapproved change that ressurrects (and adjusts) text describing how to represent LOINC as data elements.  This is needed when pointing to LOINC codes as \"definitions\" for questions in questionnaires.  The text was present in STU3 but got removed - presumably because the DataElement resource was removed.  I've brought the text back but updated it to refer to StructureDefinition logical models - which are the replacements for DataElement.  Can terminology please look at <a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19670\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19670\">GF#19670</a> and see if they're comfortable with the change?  The new text can be seen here: <a href=\"http://build.fhir.org/loinc.html#dataelements\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://build.fhir.org/loinc.html#dataelements\">http://build.fhir.org/loinc.html#dataelements</a> and the original text can be seen here: <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/loinc.html#dataelements\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/loinc.html#dataelements\">http://hl7.org/fhir/loinc.html#dataelements</a></p>",
        "id": 154019498,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542592410
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, we can do that.  We noted that the text had been removed with DataElement when we discussed it last week during Dev Days (I'm not recalling the specific context of that at the moment).  The problem that I see, though, is that I'm sure we won't be having the normally scheduled Vocab call on Thursday this week due to the US Thanksgiving holiday, plus we aren't having the FHIR Tracker Issues calls today and for the next two weeks due to conflicts with my travel back from Dev Days today and for the IPS meeting.  So the next scheduled Vocab WG call will be on Dec. 6.  I don't know if we can make that work.  And if not, we would need to schedule a special call, or an e-vote (which we haven't actually done before in Vocab as I recall)?</p>",
        "id": 154019556,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1542635710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span>  - thoughts?</p>",
        "id": 154019642,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542658769
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>process wise.... what's our timeline now?</p>",
        "id": 154019645,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1542658866
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>QA closes Nov. 25.  Final freeze is Dec. 2</p>",
        "id": 154019703,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542675482
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Publication timeline depends on whether recirculation happens or not, but earliest would be after Dec. 10</p>",
        "id": 154019704,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542675515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not going to be as early as Dec 10. r3/r4 work won't be done by then</p>",
        "id": 154019938,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1542771604
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so I'm ok with Dec 6</p>",
        "id": 154019939,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1542771610
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds good - we'll plan on that then</p>",
        "id": 154020158,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1542804278
    }
]