---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Net API R5 Branch? · dotnet"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/index.html">dotnet</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html">Net API R5 Branch?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="175541851"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175541851" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Gino Canessa <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175541851">(Sep 12 2019 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all, I was wondering if there is an R5 branch for people working on software for the Connectathon (or anything built from the Connectathon-snapshot forward)?  I didn't find one, and would like to be able to point people to one if there is.  Thanks!</p>



<a name="175547601"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175547601" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175547601">(Sep 12 2019 at 16:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>No, I haven't done that yet. Until the last meeting, I've built private nugets for those interested.  Its not particularly hard, you'd have to drop the new structuredefinitions etc for R5 in the model/source directory and rerun the T4 templates....</p>



<a name="175547702"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175547702" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ewout Kramer <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175547702">(Sep 12 2019 at 16:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have no one asking me for it yet, but you could look me up and we can build one together at the connectathon if you want.</p>



<a name="175548142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175548142" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Gino Canessa <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175548142">(Sep 12 2019 at 16:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks!  I've talked to a couple of people who spent time merging in the changes manually and wanted to give them a better option.  Since I haven't needed to build it yet, I figured it would be easier to ask over just playing with it until it worked <span aria-label="grinning" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="grinning">:grinning:</span></p>



<a name="175563575"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175563575" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175563575">(Sep 12 2019 at 19:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>I wasn't aware there was a snapshot branch for the connectathon.</p>



<a name="175564110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175564110" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Gino Canessa <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175564110">(Sep 12 2019 at 19:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Grahame did a snapshot of the FHIR spec on August 11th for it.</p>



<a name="175564744"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175564744" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175564744">(Sep 12 2019 at 19:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did?</p>



<a name="175565069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175565069" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175565069">(Sep 12 2019 at 19:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Um, was that you did do a connectathon snapshot I could create a dotnet client version against?</p>



<a name="175573625"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175573625" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Gino Canessa <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175573625">(Sep 12 2019 at 21:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Bah, can't find anything in Zulip.  In my notes, there was a deadline of August 11th to get all changes merged into the main branch "for the Connectathon".  It is labeled from you (Grahame) in the first half of July to do a snapshot, but after far too long looking I cannot find the actual origin.<br>
Apparently I am gas lighting myself, sorry for any confusion.<br>
Ahh, it was from a call I was on - someone (did not note whom) said that was a deadline/purpose you set.  Telephone at its finest.<br>
<span aria-label="embarrassed" class="emoji emoji-1f633" role="img" title="embarrassed">:embarrassed:</span></p>



<a name="175581549"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175581549" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175581549">(Sep 12 2019 at 23:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I can provide a little bit of background (::searches for a bit...)</p>



<a name="175581635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175581635" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175581635">(Sep 12 2019 at 23:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>From FMG call: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55939839" target="_blank" title="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55939839">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55939839</a></p>



<a name="175581648"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net%20API%20R5%20Branch%3F/near/175581648" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179171-dotnet/topic/Net.20API.20R5.20Branch.3F.html#175581648">(Sep 12 2019 at 23:49)</a>:</h4>
<blockquote>
<p>Deadline for locking down the draft R5 spec for connectathon<br>
Will September Connectathon be based on R4 or R5?<br>
Many seem to want to use R5, although many will still be R4. <br>
MOTION to set the deadline as 8/11: Lloyd/Brian Post<br>
VOTE: All in favor</p>
</blockquote>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
