[
    {
        "content": "<p>As discussed in our last telco, I've created a pull request that holds the syncerror related changes discussed during the May Connecthaton<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/HL7/fhircast-docs/pull/369\">https://github.com/HL7/fhircast-docs/pull/369</a></p>",
        "id": 261002786,
        "sender_full_name": "Bas van den Heuvel",
        "timestamp": 1636556835
    }
]