[
    {
        "content": "<p>PA has a note in their agenda to send a representative to the Q4 FHIR I session (workflow) does anyone have any specific reasons for a PA rep to come along?</p>",
        "id": 175836575,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1568657097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span></p>",
        "id": 175836740,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1568657208
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>PA will care about being able to define and document workflows and will also care about the patterns.  So it would be good to have a representative</p>",
        "id": 175837116,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1568657481
    }
]