[
    {
        "content": "<p>Full FHIR agenda is here: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+WGM+Agenda+2020-09\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+WGM+Agenda+2020-09</a><br>\nKey FHIR-I topic sessions are scheduled as follows:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Mon 18:00 - CapabilityStatement rework</li>\n<li>Tue 18:00 - Future of GraphDefinition</li>\n<li>Wed: 14:00 - Review patterns</li>\n<li>Thur 18:00 - Subscription</li>\n<li>Fri: 14:00 R5 planning<br>\nAll times in Eastern</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210090578,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600145877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there is a discrepancy in the Whova schedule... it has Wed (Review patterns) listed as 18:00 ET and Fri (R5 planning) listed as 16:00 ET, not 14:00 ET ... I assume Whova schedule wins, since the Zoom meetings are driven by that</p>",
        "id": 210424399,
        "sender_full_name": "Ron Shapiro",
        "timestamp": 1600364575
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least on Wednesday, 16:00 ET is for the plenary session...</p>",
        "id": 210440011,
        "sender_full_name": "Vassil Peytchev",
        "timestamp": 1600371436
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you any topic other than the 5 listed above, please let me know. I will add to the agenda.</p>",
        "id": 210623692,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600533641
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The agenda lists Patient Administration doing FHIR Trackers from 1200-1400.  Is PA actually meeting now?</p>",
        "id": 210772588,
        "sender_full_name": "Michael Donnelly",
        "timestamp": 1600708902
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no. That agenda is approximately 80% correct.</p>",
        "id": 210772681,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1600708932
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The cost of the virtual meeting.... we are still learning how to do this.</p>",
        "id": 210772704,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1600708947
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191506\">@Yunwei Wang</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191405\">@Rob Hausam</span> and I would like to to raise the issue which is currently being discussed here: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Slicing.20non-repeating.20elements.20to.20define.20a.20choice\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/Slicing.20non-repeating.20elements.20to.20define.20a.20choice</a></p>\n<p>If it's not too late, it would be great if we could add it to the agenda.</p>",
        "id": 210775348,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Zautke",
        "timestamp": 1600710214
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I suspect it is too late</p>",
        "id": 210775794,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1600710430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>to add it to the agenda for this meeting, that is</p>",
        "id": 210775827,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1600710452
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You mean today or the whole week?</p>",
        "id": 210776538,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Zautke",
        "timestamp": 1600710791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is this Vocab related?</p>",
        "id": 210776583,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600710819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not really I would say, it's all about slicing rules</p>",
        "id": 210776756,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Zautke",
        "timestamp": 1600710891
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FHIR-I's schedule is pretty full. Unless <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> can find a spot to squeeze it in. At least, I can add it to Monday's weekly conference call.</p>",
        "id": 210777320,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600711102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No problem :) Thanks for the feedback.</p>",
        "id": 210777836,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Zautke",
        "timestamp": 1600711325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>May be better to try to take it up on one of our future regular con-calls</p>",
        "id": 210777930,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600711363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Has anyone created FHIR-I attendance google sheet?</p>",
        "id": 210780133,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600712359
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No.  I will</p>",
        "id": 210780352,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600712470
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There is a confluence template for attendance sheet. I will give it a try</p>",
        "id": 210781034,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600712797
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://bit.ly/fhiri\">bit.ly/fhiri</a></p>",
        "id": 210781570,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600713088
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Now up-to-date again</p>",
        "id": 210781585,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600713096
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you'd rather do on Confluence, that's fine too</p>",
        "id": 210781614,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600713113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Love our own google sheet better. Confluence template does not allow me to remove quarters which we don't meet</p>",
        "id": 210782977,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1600713804
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is our quarter with clinical genomics staring now? Just want to make sure I'm missing the connection.</p>",
        "id": 210792174,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1600718580
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(\"waiting for host\")</p>",
        "id": 210792197,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1600718593
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And II, but it says the same for me</p>",
        "id": 210792208,
        "sender_full_name": "Gino Canessa",
        "timestamp": 1600718598
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Connected!</p>",
        "id": 210792343,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1600718658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Anybody know if it's possible to configure whova to mute people by default?</p>",
        "id": 210792487,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1600718754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My audio is always unmuted whenever I connect</p>",
        "id": 210792551,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1600718774
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No, but I want the same thing.</p>",
        "id": 210881542,
        "sender_full_name": "Michael Donnelly",
        "timestamp": 1600786476
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi everyone,</p>\n<p>Here's the FHIR-I agenda: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/2021-Jan+FHIR-I+Agenda\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/2021-Jan+FHIR-I+Agenda</a></p>",
        "id": 223331442,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1611117253
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Any chance May is posted -- I can't seem to find it!</p>",
        "id": 239770004,
        "sender_full_name": "Brett Marquard",
        "timestamp": 1621611340
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I saw FHIR-I WGM sessions in Whova - the first is at 4 am Central on Monday <span aria-label=\"grinning\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f600\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning\">:grinning:</span></p>",
        "id": 239776671,
        "sender_full_name": "Vassil Peytchev",
        "timestamp": 1621613901
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll be posting the slightly more detailed schedule for FHIR-I later today.  There won't be a cross-WG amalgamated schedule though.</p>",
        "id": 239776804,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1621613978
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202105\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202105</a></p>",
        "id": 239792544,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1621621241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have our Q4 scheduled in 30min as \"Carry-over\" -- are we planning to use it? (<span class=\"user-group-mention\" data-user-group-id=\"1454\">@FHIR-I Co-chairs</span>)</p>",
        "id": 240621362,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1622216124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes.  We'll wade through tracker items</p>",
        "id": 240622499,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1622216601
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Draft agenda is posted here: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202109\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202109</a></p>\n<p>On the call, no one expressed preferences for when certain topics should be held.  If you'd like to see a topic shifted around, propose a swap and if no one objects within a few business days, I'll make the change.</p>",
        "id": 250434937,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1629770607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looking at SMARTv2 quarter -- we've worked through all the open ballot issues (and have some discussion slated next week for some follow-ups), so I don't anticipate we'd need a quarter at the WGM for this. But, if there are topics folks would <em>like</em> to discuss in a WGM quarter, I'm certainly up for that. Or if folks want time for a tour / discussion of resolved and applied ballot changes, I'm open to that too. Please chime in here if you want a SMARTv2 quarter :-)</p>",
        "id": 250648610,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1629911076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looking at Bulk Data quarter -- we've worked through all the open ballot issues and applied all changes, so I don't anticipate we'd need a quarter at the WGM for this. But, if there are topics folks would like to discuss in a WGM quarter, I'm certainly up for that. Or if folks want time for a tour / discussion of resolved and applied ballot changes, I'm open to that too. Please chime in here if you want a Bulk Data quarter :-)</p>",
        "id": 251767774,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1630609035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Note, we may want to <em>add</em> a quarter or a chunk of one to talk about Must-Support requirements, particularly with respect to inheritance.)</p>",
        "id": 251767881,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1630609080
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> based on the radio silence, I think we can probably un-schedule these SMART launch + Bulk data quarters.</p>",
        "id": 253008842,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1631477231
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok</p>",
        "id": 253008970,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1631477401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It looks like I'll have Q3 conflicts Wed and Thu next week.</p>",
        "id": 253766079,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1631894980
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok.  Updated the schedule</p>",
        "id": 253771205,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1631897194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will not be available on Tue Q3 and Thr Q2. I have updated the schedule. ;)</p>",
        "id": 253776549,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1631899331
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>One slight remark on the meeting notes: under section \"Q2 - TestScript project\", it states that <a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-32867\">FHIR-32867</a> was discussed and voted on. This should probably be different as that's a Financial Mgmt tracker item with a different vote.</p>",
        "id": 255112388,
        "sender_full_name": "Alexander Zautke",
        "timestamp": 1632773430
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191370\">@Richard Ettema</span> - do you know what the right tracker is?</p>",
        "id": 255122920,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1632777973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-33867\">FHIR-33867</a></p>",
        "id": 255154503,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Ettema",
        "timestamp": 1632798501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"193430\">@Alexander Zautke</span> - thanks for the close read.  Now fixed</p>",
        "id": 255156306,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1632800205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi -- is there an agenda yet for the Jan 2022 WGM?</p>",
        "id": 264997199,
        "sender_full_name": "Max Masnick",
        "timestamp": 1639568474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not yet.  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> Can we discuss that on Jan 10th?</p>",
        "id": 265015551,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1639577676
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think so.  Connectathon won't have kicked off yet, so we should be ok.</p>",
        "id": 265053064,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1639592684
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>: Max Masnick would like to use Tuesday Q2 for introduction/discussion about data dictionary generation. Could you add that to our agenda? cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"322501\">@Max Masnick</span></p>",
        "id": 267612685,
        "sender_full_name": "Yunwei Wang",
        "timestamp": 1641920773
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a joint call with InM scheduled?</p>",
        "id": 267767145,
        "sender_full_name": "Bas van den Heuvel",
        "timestamp": 1642012546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not at present that I'm aware of or that's scheduled in Whova.  We have some time available Thur Q3 or Fri Q1 and, if needed, could probably fit you in to Wed Q2.</p>",
        "id": 267773035,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642015228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can be found here: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202201\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+Infrastructure+Agenda+WGM+202201</a><br>\nWe have a number of slots that are focused on tracker items that we could theoretically open up for other topics.  Also, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191370\">@Richard Ettema</span> and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196338\">@Patrick Murta</span> - we've slotted in sessions for TestScript and FAST ballot reconciliation - can you confirm:<br>\na) that you want a slot; and<br>\nb) whether the proposed slots will work and, if not, propose some that might work better?</p>",
        "id": 267788832,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642022973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>, the only TestScript related discussion I have is reviewing the FMM level for R5. Hoping to get it up to at least 3 or 4. The Wed Q3 slot is good. Thanks.</p>",
        "id": 268407087,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Ettema",
        "timestamp": 1642519516
    }
]