[
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19516\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19516\">GF#19516</a> We will be discussing adding contexts of  OO event resources to a event-reported extension on the 30th call...  see details here: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/9-committers/subject/Substantive.20changes.20from.20workflow\" title=\"#narrow/stream/9-committers/subject/Substantive.20changes.20from.20workflow\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/9-committers/subject/Substantive.20changes.20from.20workflow</a></p>",
        "id": 154012249,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1540493408
    }
]