[
    {
        "content": "<p>so be it then - unless anyone has something urgent?</p>",
        "id": 153823346,
        "sender_full_name": "David Hay",
        "timestamp": 1461740968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>525 zulip users this morning...</p>",
        "id": 153823352,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1461756526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've done some of my action items (at last) and wanted some clarifications on the other 2 that I have (think one is not needed anymore)</p>",
        "id": 153823408,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1461767931
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've got a revised PSS for the FHIR Repository with commitment from a number of domain committees which represent implementers who see and support the need for the HL7 FHIR repository for profiles, extensions and valuesets/codesets. They should be able to influence financial support as well. I was going to bring this up today. Now that we have FHIR-I that appears to be the right WG to lead with EST as a Co-sponsor.</p>\n<p>The PSS carves the Reposity out of the original PSS, so basically it is the requirements, RFP and implementation along with teh governance and management work to operate.</p>\n<p>I think we can get support for a number of the groups in advance of the WGM, then if FHIR-I agrees to sponsor, or another sponsor is proposed, we could socialize and run throught the Divsion and TSC at the WGM - since the focus of this work was already approved through all of the layers two years ago.</p>\n<p>I suggest a committee of the lead WG with participation (work done by) the Co-sponsors (EST as the HQ and operations process lead) to handle this, maintain the support, assist with funding and get the work done.</p>",
        "id": 153823442,
        "sender_full_name": "Paul Knapp",
        "timestamp": 1461777728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So just to clarify - do we want to meet today, even if it's perhaps briefer than usual? Or are these things that folks are proposing we look at next week? Happy to go either way, just making sure we know what's happening because I don't (lol).</p>",
        "id": 153823482,
        "sender_full_name": "Anne Wizauer",
        "timestamp": 1461782220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wouldn't mind a short meeting but the work items I suggest we dicuss aren't dependent on us meeting.</p>",
        "id": 153823483,
        "sender_full_name": "Paul Knapp",
        "timestamp": 1461782412
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am in IHE meeting this week, could step out if there is a compelling agenda. Next week I am out-of-contact while camping.</p>",
        "id": 153823494,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1461786801
    }
]