[
    {
        "content": "<p>For one of our next calls and/or for the WGM: <a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14445\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=14445\">GF#14445</a></p>",
        "id": 153929020,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1516080552
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Atting PractitionerRole to most of the places that only have Practitioner</p>",
        "id": 154018704,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542268169
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Where appropriate, not a blanket rule.</p>",
        "id": 154018755,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1542278315
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Another item - approving recirculation ballots for Patient and possibly Infrastructure.  (Looks like Patient will be unavoidable and better to get these out of the way sooner rather than later.)</p>",
        "id": 154018866,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542295497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>These can wait till next week?</p>",
        "id": 154018933,
        "sender_full_name": "David Hay",
        "timestamp": 1542311134
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, we actually want to wait until next week as I'm hoping to get withdrawals on one that will make recirculation unnecessary.  If we approve next Wed and the TSC approves the following Monday, the recirculation can open on the 11th, allowing for publication on the 12th provided that recirculation passes.  The earliest the TSC could approve publication going forward would be the 11th too.</p>",
        "id": 154018950,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1542315127
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19762\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=19762\">GF#19762</a></p>",
        "id": 154024700,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1544590397
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sometime (perhaps not on our next call), I'd like to talk about us adding a check in our publishing process that all \"change required\" items are either applied or explicity tied to a future release and that all non \"considered for future use\" ballot items are handled in the current release.  There are a bunch of times where changes have been promised but not made, and that's a problem.</p>",
        "id": 157962064,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1549778972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For a future call - moving NamingSystem from FHIR-I to Vocab</p>",
        "id": 176007309,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1568815132
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>From the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179238\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179238-Zulip\">#Zulip</a> post by Lee - what is our policy on the use of <a href=\"http://chat.fhir.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://chat.fhir.org\">chat.fhir.org</a> for non-HL7-sponsored projects, and particularly the use of private streams.</p>",
        "id": 177543555,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1570470948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>use for any fhir project is prefectly appropriate. Any use of private streams for FHIR projects is still subject to the code of conduct</p>",
        "id": 177571812,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1570491972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>looking at the current list of private streams, we have no current problems with non-fhir use</p>",
        "id": 177571940,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1570492157
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I presume from that statement, that the private streams are not private from administrative oversite? I think this is good, and is also good to express in the code-of-conduct as a \"and we reserve the right to watch for abuse\".</p>",
        "id": 177627655,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1570548718
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We need to set policy for when should core and IG vocabulary content be defined in UTG vs. being maintained as part of the core spec/within IGs.  I believe that the proposed policy is:<br>\n- for FMM2 and lower artifacts, maintaining terminology in FHIR is fine unless there's existing external or UTG terminologies that are obviously appropriate<br>\n- in order to hit FMM3, you have to have done your best to define external terminologies (including requesting changes/additions as needed) and, if that's not possible, propose adding adding the relevant terms to UTG<br>\n- only exceptions are value sets (and sometimes code systems) for 'code' elements that need to be strictly managed by FHIR where sharing isn't appropriate and full control must remain with FHIR and be tied to the release cycle.<br>\n- in particular, value sets that draw on SNOMED or similar terminologies where the concepts and relationships are quite dynamic should always be maintained within UTG</p>\n<p>Once we affirm the policies, we need to get the tooling to start spitting out warnings and errors letting work groups know when terminologies should be considered 'temporary' (and ideally exposing that as part of the published spec) and when the terminologies <em>must</em> change (if they want to maintain their terminology).  We need to get this done sooner than later so that for everything that needs to go into the UTG process we can start it sooner rather than later so that the terminology review process doesn't get totally swamped and/or turn out to be a limiting factor in getting content out for R5.</p>\n<p>Note that this will likely mean that the value set URLs for a bunch of stuff will change.</p>",
        "id": 177950307,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1570828663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would also like to discuss the FHIR Community Process please</p>",
        "id": 178246126,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1571183754
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>specifically, this section: <a href=\"https://wiki.hl7.org/FHIR_Community_Process#FHIR_Publication_Tooling_Council\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://wiki.hl7.org/FHIR_Community_Process#FHIR_Publication_Tooling_Council\">https://wiki.hl7.org/FHIR_Community_Process#FHIR_Publication_Tooling_Council</a></p>",
        "id": 178247613,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1571185437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Mary Ann asked if there's still value in differentiating \"Observer\" from \"Participant\" registrations.  She has rightly pointed out that we don't check - which means that some folks who probably only qualify for Observer rates are cheating and paying the Participant rates - which isn't really fair to those who follow the rules.  Also, I'm not sure we're at the point where we're terribly concerned about observers tagging along and wasting time/space.  For discussion on tomorrow's call or on Monday.</p>",
        "id": 186829211,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1580245685
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tend to agree - I'm not sure that the distinction really applies any more...  Talk more tomorrow!</p>",
        "id": 186837205,
        "sender_full_name": "David Hay",
        "timestamp": 1580250946
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree that the distinction doesn't seem to be useful now (even if it could have been at first).</p>",
        "id": 186838530,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1580251833
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I agree that distinction has served the original purpose and not needed now</p>",
        "id": 186890300,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1580308510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sounds like it will be a quick agenda item!</p>",
        "id": 186910961,
        "sender_full_name": "David Hay",
        "timestamp": 1580320566
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>call is on!</p>",
        "id": 186928341,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1580331723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Two more items for tomorrow's call:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>shutting down <a href=\"http://chat.hl7.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://chat.hl7.org\">chat.hl7.org</a> and moving all hl7 discussion into <a href=\"http://chat.fhir.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://chat.fhir.org\">chat.fhir.org</a> (which we'd dual-host at both URLs)</li>\n<li>Getting our remaining wiki content migrated so that HL7 can shut down the wiki</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 188495798,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1582063079
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will not be able to make it due to IHE face-to-face meeting</p>",
        "id": 188570049,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1582136384
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>and I'm an apology as well...</p>",
        "id": 188572052,
        "sender_full_name": "David Hay",
        "timestamp": 1582137756
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Stuck in another meeting.</p>",
        "id": 188584886,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1582146084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How we want to engage work groups given that we won't have a WGM.  What questions need to be asked, what info needs to be communicated?</p>",
        "id": 194816608,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1587481997
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When is it appropriate to create a Jira entry for an IG?  Should we wait until there's an approved IG proposal?</p>",
        "id": 197440379,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1589388033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Clinical Genomics is wondering if they can remove some profiles from the core spec as part of 4.1 or whether they're limited to only clearly marking the content as deprecated and adding a reference to their IG.</p>",
        "id": 199560959,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1591136449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, we should have a policy on whether adding or fixing examples is ok.</p>",
        "id": 199560992,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1591136479
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we get agreement to remove content from the old wiki, or hide it inside a \"spoiler\" box so you have to click to see it? Right now, googling FHIR stuff often points to the old wiki, and while there are <em>links</em> to confluence, they're easy to miss, given the amount of pure <em>content</em> in the old pages. See <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/ig.2Eini/near/203329071\">discussion here</a>.</p>",
        "id": 203390658,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1594304202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The wiki itself is supposed to be shut down/hidden soon-ish.  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196484\">@Joshua Procious</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 203391521,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1594304623
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The last I was aware from EST/PEST is that it will be maintained for archival purposes with no set time of closure. I can bring up on next call.</p>",
        "id": 203392055,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Procious",
        "timestamp": 1594304863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we limit public read?</p>",
        "id": 203392179,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1594304912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My take is that the content should be maintained for archival purposes; but we need to make sure it's hard to confuse the archived content for current stuff.</p>",
        "id": 203392266,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1594304949
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196484\">@Joshua Procious</span>  can we restrict spiders or search indices from scanning the wiki?</p>",
        "id": 203393634,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1594305548
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can limit public read and still maintain yes. Depending on the spider, yes :) Searching within the wiki (public read) also yes.</p>",
        "id": 203393875,
        "sender_full_name": "Joshua Procious",
        "timestamp": 1594305655
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ideally, we can hide the page content and just leave the redirect but let people still find the old content in the history</p>",
        "id": 203437997,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1594327507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How we want to handle 'joint sessions' for the Sept. WGM</p>",
        "id": 204223199,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1595001126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Considerations for next time we discuss R4B:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>can we update maturity levels of resources (tricky discussion about updating stuff that was FMM0, given they were balloted as draft)</li>\n<li>can we add/remove/correct examples?</li>\n<li>for resources that were FMM 0 in R4, does that really mean that they can't go normative until R7 - which could be another 8 years from now if we are looking at 3 years between releases.</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 210934866,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600810908
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(and any technical corrections too - like the Consent identifier system example value in the structure definition that causes errors in the QA report of any IG using it)</p>",
        "id": 210945186,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1600818765
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is it just me or does the whova agenda and the FMG agenda session times not match?<br>\n<a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=91989755\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=91989755</a><br>\nBoth are clashing with PA sessions, and I trying to work out which I need to organize others for.<br>\nConfluence FMG Agenda:  4:00 PM U.S. Eastern<br>\nWhova:  2:00 PM - 3:30 PM<br>\n<span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191690\">@Anne Wizauer</span></p>",
        "id": 211110876,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1600941859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well...it looks like \"somebody\" forgot to change the time on the agenda template.</p>",
        "id": 211123408,
        "sender_full_name": "Anne Wizauer",
        "timestamp": 1600950367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It is indeed 2pm Eastern. So hard to find good help these days.</p>",
        "id": 211123493,
        "sender_full_name": "Anne Wizauer",
        "timestamp": 1600950422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll be checking in with PCG/US Core at the start of their meeting (same time as FMG) when they will bring up Must Support draft statement and then jump over to FMG, or will ping here if they pick that up as the first topic.</p>",
        "id": 211166324,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1600969657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>CPG/US Core is aiming to cover Must Support statement first, and then I'll jump back to FMG.</p>",
        "id": 211168086,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1600970433
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There are currently C-CDA mappings in multiple places (C-CDA on FHIR, the SOA IG, and in some of the resources themselves).  We also have v2 mappings in the resources themselves and in v2 on FHIR and maybe other places?  It would be good if we could direct all mapping documentation to a single 'authoritative' place rather than have multiple representations in different places with varying levels of precision as well as varying degrees of consistency.  It may be that we will want to create <em>awareness</em> of those mappings in multiple places, but if we're actually going to display the mappings in multiple places, it would be best if that were driven automatically from a single source of truth.  As well, we might want to establish some governance expectations around published mappings, particularly in terms of review/endorsement by the work group responsible for the artifact being mapped to, as well as the work group/organization responsible for the artifact being mapped to (at least if they're not the same).</p>",
        "id": 211190510,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600981900
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we add this to a future call?</p>",
        "id": 211190525,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600981911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure. It's time to remove the mappings to CDA and v2 built into the specification and focus on getting the CDA and v2 IGs to do this</p>",
        "id": 211191006,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1600982185
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I actually think having the mappings in the resources is nice - being able to quickly scan when looking at the resource and see that X correponds to PID.3 is handy.  So if we can figure out a way to auto-populate those, that'd be really nice.  But if we can't, then including a link to those IGs (and ideally the relevant page(s) of those IGs) would be better.  Also, we should have governance around not spawning projects that might produce conflicting mappings (as happened w/ SOA) and setting review expectations - or perhaps even maturity levels for mappings tied to the degree of review they've received.</p>",
        "id": 211191287,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1600982393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is this something we need to escalate to SGB or just bring up with V2 Management Group? <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191690\">@Anne Wizauer</span></p>",
        "id": 211253494,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1601038400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Valid point.  I'd like FMG to talk about it first - in particular so we can examine tooling options for exposing mappings in the FHIR spec.  However, it probably does require coordination across the whole organization and thus action by SGB and/or TSC.</p>",
        "id": 211253823,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1601038607
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>@While for some FHIR data it would be possible to point to one v2 element, as we have found with v2-to-FHIR, the relationship is not always 1:1, but 1:n based on context where that may be an \"and\" or \"or\".  So won't be easy.  At best the current map tables in the FHIR tabs is examplar and not bi-directional.  Considering that, I'd agree with Grahame to point to it.  For v2+ or C-CDA to FHIR, the source standard would be the best place to directly connect to the mappings (besides being accessible in their own right).  For FHIR to v2+ or C-CDA then FHIR would be the best, but requires a bit of work to get that in place.  For v2/FHIR that is not on the front burner.<br>\nMaintaining the tables as examplars in FHIR is not helpful either (double work), but perhaps a more general map (e.g., what segment or segments would relate to it either way) and then reference that/those maps to start to get a sense.<br>\nFor v2 the first publication would be sometime 2021 H1, but not cover everthing.</p>",
        "id": 211289968,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1601055755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We absolutely don't want to maintain information in multiple places, but if we can generate a summary view into the core spec from the mapping information authoritatively maintained elsewhere, that would be useful.  That certainly doesn't mean that there's a 1..1 mapping.</p>",
        "id": 211291041,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1601056234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Generating a summary map should be possible.  For v2 it's all in Conceptmaps</p>",
        "id": 211291515,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1601056448
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we set a deadline for an R5 snapshot for Jan. connectathon?</p>",
        "id": 215380470,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1604352042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>TSC rep from FMG</p>",
        "id": 217461396,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1605907847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What are the rules for limiting feedback in an STU to only specific sections of the IG?  We're doing this in R4B.  I expect Da Vinci is going to want to do the same for some of their IGs in the coming year.  I'm pretty comfortable with R4B because there's an expectation of a full ballot following relatively soon there-on.  I'm less comfortable with Da Vinci, as the objective is to minimize the feedback and deviations to meet regulatory timelines - even though some people will be looking at the IG for the first time.  I think it would be good to have some guidelines for when limiting feedback is appropriate and when it's not.</p>",
        "id": 220145069,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1608139375
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>BTW what is the target date for R4B? I still have it on the ballot desktop for opening Friday but the \"final content deadline\" is not really the same applicability for the core spec</p>",
        "id": 220145616,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1608139600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"As soon as Grahame can get it done\"?  We'd identified Jan. 14 as the last possible date for opening.  I doubt we'll come in too much before that, but obviously it's good to open as soon as we can.</p>",
        "id": 220146358,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1608139895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok I don't think the database will accept that answer and I have to update the ballot announcement to set a date to which the opening will be postponed; what date should I use?</p>",
        "id": 220146536,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1608139963
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Best to ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> when he wakes up.</p>",
        "id": 220147112,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1608140226
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on now</p>",
        "id": 220172541,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1608152513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on now...</p>",
        "id": 221823273,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1609967010
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm going to have to drop off the call now -- thanks all!</p>",
        "id": 221829503,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1609970525
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Future call topic: connectathon checklist! This time around we didn't manage to get an R5 preview snapshot released in time for the connectathon (<a href=\"#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Connectathon.20Build.20Jan.202021\">see discussion</a>). Should we have a checklist for the lead-up to connectathons?</p>",
        "id": 222482136,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1610479705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Connectathon/WGM, perhaps?</p>",
        "id": 222487615,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610482228
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>did we decide we are meeting today?</p>",
        "id": 222640771,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1610569760
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>agenda is posted but I hoped to attend the C-thon kickoff after</p>",
        "id": 222641785,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1610570164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Kickoff doesn't start until a half-hour after we're supposed to be done</p>",
        "id": 222644851,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610571628
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>However, FMG Zoom link says that the host has another meeting in progress?</p>",
        "id": 222644877,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610571642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we going to run into a zoom account issue?</p>",
        "id": 222644902,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610571654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry - call went over</p>",
        "id": 222644950,
        "sender_full_name": "Anne Wizauer",
        "timestamp": 1610571680
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call is on now...</p>",
        "id": 222645137,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610571770
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>\"Use of GIT issues to manage the fine-grained details of larger changes, particularly when working on those changes as part of a branch, is permitted. However, when past the initial development phase for a specification (i.e., after first ballot opening for a specification), the expectation is that commits to the master/main branch for a specification should only occur if associated with a JIRA tracker item. Note that JIRA tracker items are not necessary for minor technical corrections to specifications that remain in the STU state. Development of FHIR content that is not considered \"external\" from a PSS perspective shall take place in the HL7 GIT environment unless there has been an exception granted by the TSC.\"</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I'm good with this, thanks! This allows a workflow where medium-term new development happens on branches, and gets merged into <code>main</code> through a Jira tracker item. I want to confirm that the Jira tracker doesn't need to be <em>approved</em> before changes land in <code>main</code>, but just needs to <em>exist</em>.</p>",
        "id": 222656825,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1610577318
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Correct.  No need for approval.  You can submit a pre-applied Jira ticket (so long as you mark it as pre-applied).</p>",
        "id": 222661401,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610580070
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's up to work groups what their policies on when pre-applied is desired/appropriate.</p>",
        "id": 222661425,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610580095
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we allowed to have streams specific to commercial solutions?  What rules in general do we have around commercial solutions and Zulip?</p>",
        "id": 222927132,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1610745692
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there are some already... touchstone, trifolia, hapi... I am not feeling bad about these, but it does open up the question about when is too far.</p>",
        "id": 222928231,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1610746287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>NIB for R5 \"for comment\" ballot</p>",
        "id": 227288817,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1614009603
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Process for Jira specification naming and approval of names</p>",
        "id": 227349694,
        "sender_full_name": "Melva Peters",
        "timestamp": 1614032627
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Joint meeting approach for May</p>",
        "id": 227510751,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1614117602
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rKqRiu1r94VohrIs_Mh73375cie0ANAMUzZcUGrU4ng/edit#heading=h.u0zsrouyf84p\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rKqRiu1r94VohrIs_Mh73375cie0ANAMUzZcUGrU4ng/edit#heading=h.u0zsrouyf84p</a></p>",
        "id": 240663446,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1622237961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What do we do if someone pays to come to connectathon and there aren't any partners for them to play with?</p>",
        "id": 241303024,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1622659923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it our responsibility to gather members for every track? I understood it is up to a track to gather members.</p>",
        "id": 241303180,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1622659984
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>where are our peeps?</p>",
        "id": 241312027,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1622664155
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>CG had sent an email to FMG contact and were asking for an update</p>",
        "id": 247346431,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1627398589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure if there'll be time at WGM, but at some point we need to talk about whether we have expectations that IG authors should check that their instances are being validated against the profiles they had expected them to.</p>",
        "id": 253003956,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1631471961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"Connectathon builds\" for R4B / R5 -- I don't think we got these this time around. Do we have a process to ensure we get these ready in lead-up to connectathons?</p>",
        "id": 253494771,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1631743310
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, good question.</p>",
        "id": 253495406,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1631743644
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, I do it. I just wasn't around to do it this time, and there was no way to get someone else to do it. Doing it is a nightmare, and regularising that is a low yield task compared to everything else going on</p>",
        "id": 253650979,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1631826313
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What open issues exist for FHIR R5 that require connectathon testing, and do we expect this will happen as part of the Jan 2022 connectathon?</p>",
        "id": 253976711,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1632091035
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does this make sense as an FMG topic? <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"179252\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/ValueSet.20links\">#IG creation &gt; ValueSet links</a> </p>\n<p>TL;DR: does FMG set expectations for when/how HL7-published IGs can depend on externally managed (and potentially not-publicly-hosted) content?</p>",
        "id": 254417984,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1632336380
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, we don't get a lot of say in that question</p>",
        "id": 254474037,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1632366958
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We need to alert WGs as to what the agreed terminology expectations are for terminologies - and start exposing the rules in QA</p>",
        "id": 268698087,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642688246
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FMG needs to review (and ideally approve) this specification withdrawal from FHIR-I: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/Data+Access+Framework+%28DAF%29+Withdrawal\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/Data+Access+Framework+%28DAF%29+Withdrawal</a></p>",
        "id": 268720733,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642696885
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We need to put together our NIBs for R5</p>",
        "id": 270995625,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1644248124
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Request from <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191410\">@Brett Marquard</span> to formally publish a planned timeline for R5 publication (when we expect the different ballots to be, when we expect to publish).  Need to discuss if we want to do this, what we want to say, and where we want to put it.</p>",
        "id": 272434840,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645207133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Probably should have something similar for R4B.</p>",
        "id": 272434874,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645207145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks Lloyd -- A confluence page in the FMG area would be great, even if dates are tentative.</p>",
        "id": 272443352,
        "sender_full_name": "Brett Marquard",
        "timestamp": 1645211090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>IG versioning: example from <a href=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/qa\">https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/qa</a></p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/F2V7mlXszaaKS-8psSj3nH3G/image.png\">image.png</a> </p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/F2V7mlXszaaKS-8psSj3nH3G/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/10155/F2V7mlXszaaKS-8psSj3nH3G/image.png\"></a></div><p>This is an example where US Core is depending on an outdated version of SDC and indeed a ballot-specific version (not a published version).</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Under our current versioning guidance, should IG ballot versions look more like <code>2.8.1-snapshot</code> so they can be identified as nonpublication versions?</li>\n<li>Do we consider it a technical correction to update an IG so it's using the latest <em>published</em> versions of its dependencies?</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 272846498,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645554567
    },
    {
        "content": "<h3>Topic: Out of cycle ballots</h3>\n<p>I missed (and from a non-scientific survey with insufficient sample size ~100% of others did too!) the fact that specs like PDEX were going up for out of cycle ballots, with the deadline already passed. Reviewing traffic in the relevant streams here, I don't see any notice. Should we add an expectation that out of cycle ballots be announced in the relevant Zulip community streams?</p>",
        "id": 272857368,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645559471
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Existing ballot announcement emails that go out to the entire membership are not sufficient?</p>",
        "id": 272858445,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1645559948
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No -- </p>\n<ul>\n<li>lots of folks participate in Zulip discussions and are not HL7 members</li>\n<li>lots of folks pay less attention to blast e-mails than they do to streams of specific interest</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 272859990,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645560649
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"193599\">@Lynn Laakso</span> - do the ballot notifications go to only members or to anyone on HL7's email hit-list?</p>",
        "id": 272863737,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645562632
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>everyone on the hl7news list, and also on the home page</p>",
        "id": 272864040,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1645562772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Putting stuff on the home page doesn't count as a notification to anyone :)</p>",
        "id": 272864370,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645562937
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Agree that it might be a good idea to get ballot announcements to appear on the <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179240\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179240-Announcements\">#Announcements</a> stream - however that's a TSC discussion, not an FMG discussion.</p>",
        "id": 272864436,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645562975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>added to my ballot preparation checklist</p>",
        "id": 272864556,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1645563015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, as a side note, we did undertake a review of all of these specifications readiness for ballot on the last couple of FMG calls, so FMG members (at least) should have been aware they were coming up for ballot :)</p>",
        "id": 272864575,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645563027
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>Lloyd McKenzie: Agree that it might be a good idea to get ballot announcements to appear on the #Announcements stream - however that's a TSC discussion, not an FMG discussion.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>My claim is that ballots should also be announced in their community streams.</p>",
        "id": 272866763,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645563928
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>FMG members (at least) should have been aware they were coming up for ballot :</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Also TSC.  But let's just say that I... often need to hear things multiple ways before they sink in ;-) I doubt I'm unique in that regard.</p>",
        "id": 272866877,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645563973
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The point here is: how do we encourage rich and deep participation.</p>",
        "id": 272866939,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645564004
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Getting HQ to announce in the community streams is hard - because HQ will have no idea what stream(s) are relevant to a given ballot.  Co-chairs are certainly welcome to draw attention to a ballot to their community - and many do.  Da Vinci was certainly highlighting the ballots to everyone who was signed up to the Da Vinci list as well as everyone who attends the Da Vinci calls.</p>",
        "id": 272869083,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645565247
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I didn't mention anything about HQ.</p>",
        "id": 272870662,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645566199
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ballot announcements are handled by HQ...  I don't think we <em>want</em> official announcements coming from anyone else because of the risk someone will get it wrong.</p>",
        "id": 272870815,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645566300
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm hoping we can discuss tomorrow. I didn't mention HQ or official announcements; rather I am trying to make sure that we establish community expectations such that in the real world, people who care about a ballot will learn about it and are encouraged to sign up ... through whatever combination of channels is most likely to have an impact.</p>",
        "id": 272871061,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645566440
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Yes I am mad at myself for having missed a deadline, but as I mentioned it's not just me!)</p>",
        "id": 272871221,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645566554
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please submit feedback regardless :)</p>",
        "id": 272871594,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1645566776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I shall!</p>",
        "id": 272896662,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645583030
    },
    {
        "content": "<h2>Metadataresource</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>\n<p>Right now lists \"<a href=\"http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/fiwg/index.cfm\">http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/fiwg/index.cfm</a>\" as workgroup -- is this intentional?</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>All resources that implement Canonicalresource also implement Metadataresource -- is there a reason to have two  categories? When would a resource ever be Canonical but not Metadata?</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Shouldn't be listed as \"normative\", right? Or... at least not if R5 is non-normative ;-)</p>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 273129811,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1645727143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no it should be FHIR-I</p>",
        "id": 273140170,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1645732052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure about normative.</p>",
        "id": 273140196,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1645732064
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the committees decide what a resource hangs off. CDS defined MetadataResource, and didn't make the case to FHIR-I or vocab to use it. Vocab just decide to make CodeSystem, ValueSet and ConceptMap implement MetadataResource not CanonicalResource. it would be up to FHIR-I (I think) to make the same decision. Though I'd vote against that in the absence of identified use cases</p>",
        "id": 273140450,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1645732170
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Re: Topic: Out of cycle ballots -- a note in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179240\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179240-Announcements\">#Announcements</a> would go a long way too.</p>",
        "id": 273526346,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1646070073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok from the next release of the IG publisher, we'll get something more in this dependency summary:</p>",
        "id": 273606166,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1646124141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/rw64wPWdSscMwe8ah94Uejb9/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/10155/rw64wPWdSscMwe8ah94Uejb9/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img src=\"/user_uploads/10155/rw64wPWdSscMwe8ah94Uejb9/image.png\"></a></div>",
        "id": 273606168,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1646124144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The flag indicates whether the dependency is to an interim release, a milestone release, or an old version that's been superceded, or an error</p>",
        "id": 273606237,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1646124200
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Cool! And in future, interim releases will also be recognizable by the presence of dashes?</p>",
        "id": 273650601,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1646145752
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, yes, that too</p>",
        "id": 273710037,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1646168716
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Can we add to the meeting today in other business (if we have time) discussion on process where a workgroup votes to change content that it is not the responsible party (as listed on the resource)</p>",
        "id": 273880312,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1646256705
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Which stream has the R4A/B/R5 discussion?</p>",
        "id": 274011518,
        "sender_full_name": "Hans Buitendijk",
        "timestamp": 1646329972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"#narrow/stream/250700-R4A.2FB.2FR5-Discussion/topic/R5.20Roadmap.20Discussion/near/273476351\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/250700-R4A.2FB.2FR5-Discussion/topic/R5.20Roadmap.20Discussion/near/273476351</a></p>",
        "id": 274012257,
        "sender_full_name": "Lynn Laakso",
        "timestamp": 1646330278
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Question from some of our editors on R5, do we really still require the RIM mappings?</p>",
        "id": 274453085,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1646685126
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I thought we had decided to drop that requirement.</p>",
        "id": 274453758,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1646685514
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>RIM mappings are now optional - though the tooling doesn't know that yet.</p>",
        "id": 274475414,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1646696654
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Publication request at <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/AP/Smart+Web+Messaging+STU1+Publication+Request\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/AP/Smart+Web+Messaging+STU1+Publication+Request</a> (we approved in <a class=\"stream\" data-stream-id=\"179280\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179280-fhir.2Finfrastructure-wg\">#fhir/infrastructure-wg</a> today).</p>",
        "id": 275284807,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1647285085
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGW/CG+IG+STU2+Publication\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGW/CG+IG+STU2+Publication</a></p>",
        "id": 275532415,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1647446299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also \"Edict on IG colors\" (see <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Can.20I.20change.20colours.20of.20an.20HL7.20FHIR.20template.3F\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Can.20I.20change.20colours.20of.20an.20HL7.20FHIR.20template.3F</a>)</p>",
        "id": 275562999,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1647457572
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>QA process for search params -- when/how to use common params vs defining specifically within a resource. Currently <a href=\"http://build.fhir.org/searchparameter-registry.html\">http://build.fhir.org/searchparameter-registry.html</a> shows a wild mix for \"*-patient\" params.</p>",
        "id": 275854455,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1647633261
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191320\">Lloyd McKenzie</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/Agenda.20item/near/275532415\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGW/CG+IG+STU2+Publication\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGW/CG+IG+STU2+Publication</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> - After a review of the feedback from the FMG notes, we have made some changes and it should be ready to review again.</p>",
        "id": 276062299,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1647874463
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191690\">@Anne Wizauer</span> - can you put this on Wednesday's agenda again?</p>",
        "id": 276069843,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1647877093
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just FYI - I pushed some additional changes today (just in the off chance someone started to review <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span>).  Thanks all.</p>",
        "id": 276114636,
        "sender_full_name": "Kevin Power",
        "timestamp": 1647897217
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For agenda today, can we review the R4B publication timeline?</p>",
        "id": 276344081,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1648046882
    }
]