[
    {
        "content": "<p>Discuss organization for FHIR connectathon intro webinars (i.e., can we consolidate the basic intro stuff into a single call / video, so track-specific orientations can be more targeted)?</p>",
        "id": 174150328,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1566832508
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on now</p>",
        "id": 174396414,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1567022512
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on now</p>",
        "id": 174917425,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1567627308
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-33957\">FHIR-33957</a></p>",
        "id": 269170584,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643057326
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>DeviceDefinition productShelfLife changes in R4B because the ProductShelfLife datatype was changed by the med governance folks.  I think we should look at splitting the datatype in R4B into ProductShelfLife (remains unchanged) and ProductShelfLife2 (has med governance changes).  For discussion tomorrow.</p>",
        "id": 269339504,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643152299
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also from <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"179166\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/R4B.20compatibilty\">#implementers &gt; R4B compatibilty</a> I noted:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>R4B has added new options to the choice type for ActivityDefinition.subject[x] (subjectCanonical is new). Is this a known/desired change within our versioning rules?</p>\n</blockquote>",
        "id": 269340785,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643153130
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also would like to discuss the broader point from that thread: do we think R4B is consistent with our current versioning rules, given what we expect to be included in the release? For the reasons I listed there, I think the answer is \"no, R4B counts as a breaking change as currently defined.\"</p>",
        "id": 269340875,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643153193
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>R4B <em>is</em> technically a breaking change.  There's no question about that.  However, most systems will be able to treat it as a technical correction - because they don't use the parts that are breaking.  That has always been the objective.</p>",
        "id": 269342837,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643154462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we agree it is a breaking change, why do we not apply our <del>typical</del> normatively documented versioning rules from <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/versions.html\">http://hl7.org/fhir/versions.html</a> so that everybody understands this? I don't see how this would make R4B less useful for implementers; to the contrary. Still: if we want to break our existing versioning rules, why don't we amend them?</p>",
        "id": 269343968,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643155203
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's NOT a breaking change for the vast majority of the community and we <em>want</em> everyone who can to treat it as a technical correction.  We carefully scoped the specification to ensure this could occur.  I don't understand why we would suddenly decide to change a direction that was agreed on over 2 years ago when we're perhaps a month from publishing.</p>",
        "id": 269345159,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643155881
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>I don't understand why we would suddenly decide to change a direction</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>My position is that we <em>might</em> change now there's a clear picture of what's on the table, and it's clear how this contradicts our published process. Or maybe we just need to change our process.</p>\n<p>(It has also taken us a lot longer to get to the point of this publication than we thought, and as a result we also have a much better sense of what is in scope for future versions. Just saying we have been surprised by the process as it has unfolded already, and we might change our minds because of this.)</p>",
        "id": 269345711,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643156269
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>It's NOT a breaking change for the vast majority of the community</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>(I'll stop repeating myself right after this, I promise -- just want to make sure this thread reflects our back-and-forth up to now, since it has been split across FHIR-I and Zulip.) Our current rules do not incorporate this kind of consideration into the definition of a breaking change.</p>",
        "id": 269345834,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643156332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We're not changing our definition of breaking change.  We're clear that there are <em>pieces</em> of what's happened in R4B that are absolutely breaking.  However, they've been isolated in such a manner that for most implementers, there is no breaking change at all.  And many of the intended implementers of the breaking pieces of R4B have not implemented R4 - and thus there's nothing to \"break\".  The end result is a release that, for most implementers, should be no different than 4.0.1 was.</p>",
        "id": 269360050,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643169766
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And we really want the 4.0.1 implementers to transition to R4B because it makes a number of technical corrections that address issues that were broken in 4.0.1</p>",
        "id": 269360135,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643169819
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok -- I think that's a good recap of the discussion up to this point.</p>",
        "id": 269361519,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643170979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(For the record: Grahame settled this neatly by pointing out that <code>4.3.0</code> <em>is</em> a major version update over <code>4.0.1</code>, since the versioning scheme is \"[publication].[major].[minor]\" (with an optional \".[patch]\" as a fourth component) and therefore breaking changes are allowed.</p>",
        "id": 269494349,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643237179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Exactly what breaking changes? We need to be able to be very clear to all of the IG authors, toolkit implementers, applications, servers, etc... WHAT should they lookout for? It seems our message today is vastly different than originally, as originally R4B was only going to change the medicine product stuff that few care about.  If someone is fully focused on US-Core, or IPA, or IPS... should they have worries with R4B?  Meaning I feel that there has been some \"breaking changes\" float into R4B that are not as transparent as the FHIR-core members feel they have been transparent about.</p>",
        "id": 269574461,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1643291623
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>If someone is fully focused on US-Core, or IPA, or IPS... should they have worries with R4B? M</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>I still think the answer is \"no worries\" here. consistent with our original messaging. The concern I expressed this week is more about clients that are interacting with wider \"FHIR native\" server capabilities like <code>/_history</code> that can return diverse resource types</p>",
        "id": 269589752,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643297659
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, that is what I am asking.. WHAT are these breaking changes. I only know about the medication products new resources that did not exist before.</p>",
        "id": 269593658,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1643299178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so there is some breaking change in _history? WHY!?!?!?!</p>",
        "id": 269593682,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1643299192
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The breaking changes are things like \"the enumeration of resources have increased\", a bunch of medication governance changes.  R4B will provide a complete list of the breaking changes.</p>",
        "id": 269616110,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643307886
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>so there is some breaking change in _history? WHY!?!?!?!</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Just the fact that History could now return new resource types that a 4.0.1 client may not understand. The history API still works just the same way.</p>",
        "id": 269635163,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643316363
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right.  If a server starts hosting SubscriptionTopic, for example and a 4.0.1 retrieves a history dump of everything (the latter being exceptionally uncommon in real production systems, and even less common where the versions of source and target aren't carefully coordinated), the Bundle would contain resources that the 4.0.1 parser wouldn't handle.  From a practical perspective, low risk because anyone who's doing a full data dump is generally going to have a tight business relationship with the source.  But technically, still a possible failure mode.</p>",
        "id": 269640753,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643318961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>documenting clear guard-rails for the common FHIR audience would be helpful to everyone.  Many people that use FHIR would have no idea these problems exist, or have any clue how to evaluate them.</p>",
        "id": 269641586,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1643319272
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>retrieves a history dump of everything (the latter being exceptionally uncommon in real production systems</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>This really depends on your production system. Major cloud-hosted servers support this functionality as a way to make data available for analytics and it's not uncommon at all.</p>",
        "id": 269650603,
        "sender_full_name": "Josh Mandel",
        "timestamp": 1643322938
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right, but wouldn't the clients accessing that server for analytics have a deep and specific association with the server - particularly if they're grabbing an unfiltered set of \"everything\", not limiting to only patient data or some specific subset (whether defined by the request or policy).  <em>That</em> should be pretty rare...</p>",
        "id": 269658210,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643326777
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This topic was moved by <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191320\">Lloyd McKenzie</span> to <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"179280\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/179280-fhir.2Finfrastructure-wg/topic/For.20this.20week.27s.20call\">#fhir/infrastructure-wg &gt; For this week's call</a></p>",
        "id": 271042553,
        "sender_full_name": "Notification Bot",
        "timestamp": 1644268369
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Dear FMG Co-Chairs,OO is requesting time on this week's FMG call to review the following FHIR IG proposal: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90349274\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90349274</a><br>\nWe also want to verify the time of the call - it is listed as 4-5 PM ET, but also says 90 minutes? <br>\nPlease let us know, if you can accommodate this request - this project (<a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=97476801\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=97476801</a>) is trying to go to May ballot<br>\nThank you!!Riki</p>",
        "id": 271880625,
        "sender_full_name": "Riki Merrick",
        "timestamp": 1644868859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The call runs 4-5:30, and yes we can take this on.</p>",
        "id": 271892302,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1644874624
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regrets this week due to conflict with IHE workgroup meeting.</p>",
        "id": 272025601,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1644953306
    }
]