[
    {
        "content": "<p>I have heard of many IGs that have received a comment that defining URL for vocabulary should be anchored in THO. (see <a href=\"http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35612\">FHIR-35612</a> ). I don't think there is such a rule, and it does not seem appropriate as a general rule. It certainly is good QA modeling rules. But good QA modeling rules should not be appearing as member ballot comments.</p>",
        "id": 268564078,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642609255
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I believe there were about 250 comments in this last ballot cycle with this comment across all IGs</p>",
        "id": 268577969,
        "sender_full_name": "Melva Peters",
        "timestamp": 1642614606
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The rule is that if an artifact is FMM3+, it's expected to leverage an external terminology (which includes THO).  Continuing to use a FHIR-managed terminology for anything other than elements of type 'code' requires approval from the TSMG.  (Which generally means that there's an agreement that it's not going to be useful anywhere else, that there's sufficient oversight of the terminology quality of the content, and that maintenance on an ever 2.5-3.5 year basis is sufficient.)  <em>Prior</em> to FMM3, then local terminologies are fine, but they should have a URL that indicates that they're \"temporary\".</p>",
        "id": 268628502,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642641733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>However, for IGs, we're generally not surfacing FMM yet, so it might be a bit difficult to know what set of rules to apply.  The general rule though is:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>url that indicates it's temporary</li>\n<li>external (e.g. THO) URL</li>\n<li>approval received from TSMG</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 268628574,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642641829
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This will eventually be a QA rule for HL7-maintained IGs</p>",
        "id": 268628630,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642641857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can understand the intent, but I think this rule needs to be defined better than even what you express. </p>\n<ul>\n<li>I think it is quite common for a valueSet to be defined and only live in an IG, as the valueSet is specific to the use-cases covered by the valueSet. In some cases the valueSet is there purely to enable rules such as slicing.</li>\n<li>what does a temporary url look like? Have we ever defined this concept?</li>\n<li>TSMG needs to be far more approachable. <ul>\n<li>I still can't submit anything, as I can't get the terminology build to succeed. This alone keeps me from addressing 5 CR for FHIR core. </li>\n<li>Not clear to me how one addresses a CR filed against FHIR core or an IG and re-invents that CR to submit to TSMG in a way that results in original CR getting addressed properly.</li>\n<li>the HL7 co-chairs hardly understand how to approach TSMG, and many IGs are written by non HL7 members</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 268683674,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642681520
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>More to my original point... There are now 250 comments against  IGs that do not have the backing of a formal policy, rule, or procedure.</p>",
        "id": 268683768,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642681563
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>note also that these 250 comments are backed by negative ballots.</p>",
        "id": 268700382,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642689230
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Specifically, I would like fmg to provide us with guidance and the language to tell the commenter to go pound sand (in a nice way) and  dispose of  all of these comments across IGs as not persuasive.</p>",
        "id": 268709540,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1642692618
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>FMG is unlikely to do that.  The work group will need to do one of three things:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>change to a URL that indicates the code system is temporary</li>\n<li>put their terminology into an external source</li>\n<li>get TSMG approval to have their code systems maintained within their IG</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 268720642,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642696839
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>isn't that a rule that the IG must meet by FMM3+? Thus, if you are not yet there... what must one do?</p>",
        "id": 268720739,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642696887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How is a URL indicated as temporary?</p>",
        "id": 268720753,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642696894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you're below FMM 3, the first bullet applies.  And you can seek TSMG at any point.  If you're FMM3 or above, you must have done one of the latter two.  So regardless of FMM, one of the 3 bullets holds.</p>",
        "id": 268720852,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642696941
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is this just for codeSystems? Some of the comments I see are against ValueSets.</p>",
        "id": 268720871,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642696950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For value sets, no.  There has to be a good reason to put a value set into THO - i.e. it's both complex in its definition, it's likely to be re-used elsewhere, and the rules around its maintenance can be clearly expressed such that maintenance by a process other than WG ballot is 'safe'.</p>",
        "id": 268721021,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642697015
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If one gets THO exclusion for a CodeSystem, how is THAT indicated... where there is some unclear \"temporary\" flag, is there a flag that indicates \"THO is okay with this being an IG specific code\"?</p>",
        "id": 268721106,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642697042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That will tend to be uncommon.  So a \"go pound sand\" is a more likely disposition there.</p>",
        "id": 268721131,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642697053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>having governance enforced by ballot comments is not a proper solution</p>",
        "id": 268721143,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642697061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Long term, it'll be a suppression of a warning in the QA with a reference to the TSMG minutes where they approved the exception.</p>",
        "id": 268721177,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642697081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We just don't have the warning showing up in QA yet.</p>",
        "id": 268721199,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642697090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have one.... in an IG I am writing I have specialized List resource with a code for that kind of List, where that kind of List is only used in that IG.</p>",
        "id": 268721296,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642697140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's something that was agreed with vocab and HTA and FHIR-I and MnM a couple of cycles ago.  And I'm pretty sure we've talked about it at FMG.  We've just been slow to get it into the tools or communicate out to the work groups.</p>",
        "id": 268721305,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642697145
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191320\">Lloyd McKenzie</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179192-fmg/topic/IGs.20vs.20THO/near/268721199\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>We just don't have the warning showing up in QA yet.</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>so, this is why we need a bulk action... lets get QA in effect, and bulk kill these CR that are demanding (negative ballot comments) that some governance that is not yet stated be retroactively applied.</p>",
        "id": 268721700,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642697304
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I restate - I agree with the intent. I endorse the intent.... the execution is crap.</p>",
        "id": 268721786,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642697350
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think Lloyd point is that this has been stated (and I’d heard it before, even as someone not following FMG or Vocab that closely), it’s just not been in the automated tools.</p>",
        "id": 268731528,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1642701283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't think we can kill the tracker items that have been raised.  They're valid and the actions need to be taken.  The fact the QA isn't yet hollering about it doesn't mean it isn't valid for a human being to holler about it.</p>",
        "id": 268746878,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642707896
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am not asking to kill them... that was someone else... I am asking for us to have a coordinated and consistent handling of them. More specifically, instructions on how (process) to handle them. so that workgroups don't all need to spend energy inventing their own response.    Meaning, your clarifications on this thread have helped me, and I will help Imaging workgroup that was one workgroup hit by this... other workgroups should benefit from this</p>",
        "id": 268775115,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1642722673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can discuss plan and communication approach tomorrow Q4, time allowing</p>",
        "id": 268782716,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1642727577
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>was it discussed?</p>",
        "id": 269156627,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1643052115
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes.  I'm putting together a presentation that will go out at the next co-chairs meeting that will outline the expectations for all work groups, along with the expectation of when the FMG will start enforcing the rules (Sept. ballot cycle).  If you have balloters driving you to fix sooner, you'll need to negotiate with them if you want to delay until that cycle - given that you'll have to do it eventually regardless.</p>",
        "id": 269192772,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643070802
    }
]