[
    {
        "content": "<p>What is the process for a workgroup that has a general FHIR maintenance PSS to propose a new Resource. Is this just needing an approval by the workgroup and FMG; or is there other approvals needed?</p>",
        "id": 175919695,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1568735189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>are you asking about the project or the resource itself?</p>",
        "id": 175919763,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1568735238
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Resource proposal. The specifics are that Imaging WG is wanting to add another Resource for use to point at specific slices and images; something that ImagingStudy is not well suited. SImilar but different use-case than ImagingManifest that got deprecated because it was too broad.</p>",
        "id": 175919937,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1568735344
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>They'd use the wiki to submit a resource proposal.  (At some point, we need to move those over to Confluence...)</p>",
        "id": 175945619,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1568752187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes they are doing that for FMG. What i was not able to answer is if they also need that approved elsewhere besides their own workgroup.</p>",
        "id": 176012958,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1568818600
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>New resources only need to be vetted by the WG and FMG.  FMG might ask them to discuss boundaries with others if we think the boundaries are unclear.</p>",
        "id": 176017440,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1568821515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks</p>",
        "id": 176089951,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1568892745
    }
]