[
    {
        "content": "<p>Just noticed on the implementers chat (and of course always expected it) that the content in the Changes since R3 tab is going to need to be checked over and cleaned up.<br>\nIs that likely to be a problem on the normative resources?<br>\n(Assuming we should be ok, as they would be covering the changes that were balloted)<br>\nJust wanted to be sure wasn't an issue here.<br>\nOr should those tabs be marked as informative?</p>",
        "id": 153976692,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1532045125
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Those tabs should definitely be informative</p>",
        "id": 153976693,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1532045179
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I do note that the actual R3 conversions top level tabs are informative, so we should be ok to update those.</p>",
        "id": 153976694,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1532045188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reviewing Patient, those notes are accurate, but instead of deleted for animal, would prefer that it indicated that it was moved to the standard extension (don't even know if that is possible)</p>",
        "id": 153976695,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1532045250
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we need a tracker to record that the R3 Diff Tab(s) on all resources is informative?<br>\n(and mark that tab as such)</p>",
        "id": 153976696,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1532045309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the diff tabs are not informative but they are derived so you just fix them - no need for any task</p>",
        "id": 153976703,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1532046758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least, not for approval. you'll need a task for that specific issue</p>",
        "id": 153976704,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1532046776
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are we balloting all of the remainder (non normative ballots) of build at STU4? Or do we need workgroups to nominate their resources that they want feedback on?</p>",
        "id": 153977306,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1532357442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is this wiki timeline still the best estimation of R4 release milestone deadlines ???  <a href=\"http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep#Sept_2018_Cycle\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep#Sept_2018_Cycle\">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Ballot_Prep#Sept_2018_Cycle</a></p>",
        "id": 153977307,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1532357533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Those are the timeframes.  We're reballoting \"changes\" from the last ballot, though the expectation is to punt to R5 most non-critical feedback.</p>",
        "id": 153977310,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1532358338
    }
]