---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Formulary STU2 Ballot Reconciliation Meeting Agenda · Da Vinci PDex Drug Formulary"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/index.html">Da Vinci PDex Drug Formulary</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html">Formulary STU2 Ballot Reconciliation Meeting Agenda</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="271011062"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271011062" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Corey Spears <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271011062">(Feb 07 2022 at 17:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>2022-02-11 2pm Eastern  Agenda<br>
<a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59753">http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59753</a></p>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35365">FHIR-35365</a> - FormularyItem extensions need descriptive descsriptions (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span>)<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34526">FHIR-34526</a> - IG needs a definition of "must-support" (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191764">@Cooper Thompson</span>)<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34527">FHIR-34527</a> - Remove most must-support flags on profiles (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191764">@Cooper Thompson</span>)<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-32618">FHIR-32618</a> - mustSupport elements aren't complete (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span>)<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35366">FHIR-35366</a> - Simplify FormularyItem by inlining drug codes (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span>)</p>



<a name="271021559"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271021559" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271021559">(Feb 07 2022 at 18:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191529">@Corey Spears</span> Whose issues are whose and what are the proposed resolutions for each?</p>



<a name="271021710"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271021710" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271021710">(Feb 07 2022 at 18:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Per TSC policy, block vote lists are expected to include: issue id w/with link, issue summary, submitter and proposed resolution code</p>



<a name="271028574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271028574" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Cooper Thompson <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271028574">(Feb 07 2022 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is this a block vote or just a meeting agenda?</p>



<a name="271041037"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271041037" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Josh Mandel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271041037">(Feb 07 2022 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Meeting agenda</p>



<a name="271043825"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271043825" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271043825">(Feb 07 2022 at 21:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah.  Missed that.  It'd still be nice to see the names on each row, but there's no policy on that.</p>



<a name="271051533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/197730-Da%20Vinci%20PDex%20Drug%20Formulary/topic/Formulary%20STU2%20Ballot%20Reconciliation%20Meeting%20Agenda/near/271051533" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Corey Spears <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/197730-Da-Vinci-PDex-Drug-Formulary/topic/Formulary.20STU2.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.20Meeting.20Agenda.html#271051533">(Feb 07 2022 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Correct. This is an agenda for a Da Vinci project meeting discussion to get us to a proposed disposition. No vote will be taken (just reaching consensus to bring to vote with the Pharmacy WG when ready).<br>
A review request (Homework) notice should have been sent out to Da Vinci PDex Formulary participants. The materials can be found here: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/download/attachments/90346633/20220211%20Formulary%20STU2%20Homework.pptx?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1644248477787&amp;api=v2">https://confluence.hl7.org/download/attachments/90346633/20220211%20Formulary%20STU2%20Homework.pptx?version=1&amp;modificationDate=1644248477787&amp;api=v2</a><br>
It will be helpful if interested parties could review the materials and possibly comment on them before the meeting in order to help us continue to make efficient progress.</p>
<p>I have updated the original post with names of reporters. (None were marked as in person).</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
