[
    {
        "content": "<p>The possibility of publishing the used terminologies (value sets, local code systems) as FHIR resources in the IG is for us (as HL7 Italy) a big step ahead. <br>\nThis seems however to have increased the expectations of our members, that start asking to support them also with terminology services (..whatever they can mean..). <span aria-label=\"blush\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f60a\" role=\"img\" title=\"blush\">:blush:</span></p>",
        "id": 200891357,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1592229189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I was wondering if you have the same kind of requests and which solutions are you envisioning / have applied.</p>",
        "id": 200891395,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1592229209
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Happy to discuss with you this topic and see if there are solutions that could be in case shared..</p>",
        "id": 200891398,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1592229211
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This is what we can offer as results of the work done in eHDSI: <a href=\"https://art-decor.ehdsi.eu/publication/epSOS/epsos-html-20200430T151521/terminology.html\">https://art-decor.ehdsi.eu/publication/epSOS/epsos-html-20200430T151521/terminology.html</a></p>",
        "id": 200894191,
        "sender_full_name": "Christof Gessner",
        "timestamp": 1592230372
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As terminologies and model binding is not necessarily on the level of FHIR IGs, here is another current example where ART DECOR is used for sharing value sets:  <a href=\"https://art-decor.org/art-decor/decor-valuesets--covid19f-\">https://art-decor.org/art-decor/decor-valuesets--covid19f-</a></p>",
        "id": 200894724,
        "sender_full_name": "Christof Gessner",
        "timestamp": 1592230597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191415\">@Giorgio Cangioli</span> do you have a single IG just for main Italian terminology or is it spread across IG's/contained in IT IG core?</p>",
        "id": 271677788,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644654881
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191415\">@Giorgio Cangioli</span> and others - I'm also interested in common practices around this.</p>",
        "id": 271790934,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1644822883
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191427\">@Jens Villadsen</span>  and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191832\">@Jose Costa Teixeira</span>  the current plan is to collect common terminologies / value sets in a separate guide (see <a href=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7-it/terminology/artifacts.html\">https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7-it/terminology/artifacts.html</a>). Guide specific value sets / code systems are included instead in the guides.</p>",
        "id": 271791270,
        "sender_full_name": "Giorgio Cangioli",
        "timestamp": 1644823252
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> do you plan to do the same in Canada?</p>",
        "id": 271815421,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644839174
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> what do you do in Australia? The same?</p>",
        "id": 271815478,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644839222
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>look for \"National Clinical Terminology Service\" - the consumer level front of it is a FHIR terminology service, but it's bigger than just that. Most real terminology will be mastered through that</p>",
        "id": 271821404,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1644843077
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So beyond an IG I presume?</p>",
        "id": 271835885,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644850149
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Infoway in Canada hosts a bunch of Canadian terminology, though it's not (yet?) functioning as a proper terminology service.  I'm hopeful it'll evolve that way eventually.</p>",
        "id": 271844222,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1644853488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I understood the question of: How do you support governance on terminology? is potentially different from How do you publish and make available the vocabulary? A terminology service is a fine way to make terminology available, but does not cover the questions of terminology governance. Where governance includes workflows like (a) propose new code, (b) propose a change to a code, (c) propose a valueset, etc...</p>",
        "id": 271862774,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1644861103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The general answer to that one (\"how do you support governance on..\"): <br>\nWith enough metadata.</p>",
        "id": 271864710,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1644861928
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Time and interest allowing, it would be good to put some practices to paper</p>",
        "id": 271864921,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1644862001
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding governance, some countries have National Terminology Services that are governed by a central body. That's certainly the proposed approach here in NZ. We've also discussed have a dedicated National Terminology Services IG, rather than placing the terminology artefacts in other IGs. Interestingly, there is currently a Vocabulary WG Task Group looking at updating the somewhat outdated (i.e. not changed since DSTU2) Terminology Service Capability Statement in the <a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/capabilitystatement-terminology-server.html\">FHIR Specification</a>.</p>",
        "id": 271879003,
        "sender_full_name": "Peter Jordan",
        "timestamp": 1644868059
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span>  The question was not \" How do you support governance on terminology?\" because the answer to that is usually processes and politics in some form - for better and worse. The question was more regarding how other affiliates technically publish the terminology and to what extent it takes the form of an IG. Regardless of being in an IG or not, naturally (I suspect) it will be loaded into a terminology service.</p>",
        "id": 271889429,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644873292
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> something like <a href=\"https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/tools/\">https://www.healthterminologies.gov.au/tools/</a> - meaning snapper, shrimp and onto-server? Yeah, I'm familiar with that tooling, but is some of the content published in an AU IG?</p>",
        "id": 271889847,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644873487
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191364\">@Peter Jordan</span> - well ... that is only and example instance, but sure, it definitely could be a better example</p>",
        "id": 271890150,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644873639
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/R5+FHIR+Terminology+Server+Minimum+Requirements+Task+Force+Calls\">R5 FHIR Terminology Server Minimum Requirements Task Force</a> remit is more extensive than that.</p>",
        "id": 271892056,
        "sender_full_name": "Peter Jordan",
        "timestamp": 1644874492
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Wherever possible, content is published to the nets for broad support within Australia. So I think that the igs will generally not contain many code systems, and few value sets either - only things that are not reusable elsewhere</p>",
        "id": 271892214,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1644874565
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well ... you don't have to provide supplement codesystems with translations I suspect</p>",
        "id": 271892348,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644874658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Current practice in IHE is that there is a 'special' IG for vocabulary that is broadly useable (FormatCode for now). Governance, we use github issues, workflow, and change tracking. Formal publications are pinned.</p>",
        "id": 271892359,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1644874663
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(For process/workflow we follow trunk based development (more or less) and control all input and findings using github issues. Publications are tagged and released)</p>",
        "id": 271893414,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644874926
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right... and in IHE case, the code in github is an IG.</p>",
        "id": 271893484,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1644874975
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191364\">@Peter Jordan</span> - Is it correctly observed that there are currently no european parties participating in the Task force calls as seen on (<a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/R5+FHIR+Terminology+Server+Minimum+Requirements+Task+Force+Calls\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/R5+FHIR+Terminology+Server+Minimum+Requirements+Task+Force+Calls</a>)</p>",
        "id": 271893916,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644875209
    },
    {
        "content": "<blockquote>\n<p>you don't have to provide supplement codesystems with translations I suspect</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>not much, but I don't think it would make any difference</p>",
        "id": 271895352,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1644875953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>my hunch says something different</p>",
        "id": 271899960,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644878346
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191427\">@Jens Villadsen</span>  meeting times (22:00 UTC) are late for Europeans, although there is representation from the author of the Terminology Server used in some European countries. There are Europeans on the TSMG, but no one from Europe regularly attends Vocabulary WG calls.</p>",
        "id": 271900077,
        "sender_full_name": "Peter Jordan",
        "timestamp": 1644878406
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191364\">@Peter Jordan</span> do you know if there just haven't been interest or why europeans dont attend?</p>",
        "id": 271900285,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644878553
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would flag such missing apperance to IC</p>",
        "id": 271900371,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1644878608
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191427\">@Jens Villadsen</span>  - I can't answer that question, but can certainly raise it at IC meetings. There is very strong European (and increasingly worldwide) participation in the SNOMED on FHIR group.</p>",
        "id": 271901205,
        "sender_full_name": "Peter Jordan",
        "timestamp": 1644879133
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Dear all,</p>\n<p>In Austria a new e-Health terminology browser went online in early 2022 (<a href=\"https://termgit.elga.gv.at\">https://termgit.elga.gv.at</a>). </p>\n<p>Documentation about the new terminology browser can be found at the following address. Here you will also find documentation about the GitLab repositories which we are using. </p>\n<p><a href=\"https://termgit.elga.gv.at/documentation_and_support_en.html\">https://termgit.elga.gv.at/documentation_and_support_en.html</a></p>\n<p>The browser is based on the TerminoloGit architecture which is based on various open source components and newly developed open source tools. This ensemble is completed by a FHIR server (\"TX-AT\"), which is expected to enter stable operation in Q3 2022.</p>\n<p>With the combination of Git, GitLab, IG publisher, and a FHIR server we will be able to manage the whole publication process of terminologies. It is also possible to host terminologies which are maintained by external publishers. </p>\n<p>Since TerminoloGit is fully open-sourced, this tool can also be used free of charge by anyone as a local terminology server. Automatic synchronization with the central TerminoloGit is basically possible. If you have any questions or suggestions, please feel free to contact us at <a href=\"mailto:cda@elga.gv.at\">cda@elga.gv.at</a>.</p>",
        "id": 273221221,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1645791243
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"376049\">@Gabriel Kleinoscheg</span> - first of all: it looks awesome. I'm definetly going to follow your efforts</p>",
        "id": 273463213,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1646040263
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a question: It looks like you have gathered <em>all</em> of your codesytems and valuesets in a single IG probably covering multiple IG's/use cases/setups. Won't that cause problems for you in the future as you have to release ALL of it everytime any of those  change? Have you considerd slicing it into multiple IG's?</p>",
        "id": 273463507,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1646040464
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"191427\">Jens Villadsen</span> <a href=\"#narrow/stream/242580-europe/topic/terminology.20services/near/273463507\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>I have a question: It looks like you have gathered <em>all</em> of your codesytems and valuesets in a single IG probably covering multiple IG's/use cases/setups. Won't that cause problems for you in the future as you have to release ALL of it everytime any of those  change? Have you considerd slicing it into multiple IG's?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>For us its not a new release of the whole IG, if a terminology changes. We enhanced the underlying template and the functionality of the publication process in order to version single terminologies: <a href=\"https://termgit.elga.gv.at/CodeSystem-dgc-qr.previous-versions.html\">https://termgit.elga.gv.at/CodeSystem-dgc-qr.previous-versions.html</a> .<br>\nAnd yes, we have to deploy every time the whole IG and run the process for generating the IG, see <a href=\"https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit/-/pipelines/charts?chart=pipelines\">https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit/-/pipelines/charts?chart=pipelines</a></p>",
        "id": 274093250,
        "sender_full_name": "Nikola Tanjga",
        "timestamp": 1646381002
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So you manage the versions at the artifact level, not at the IG level, is that correct  <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"372341\">@Nikola Tanjga</span> ?</p>",
        "id": 274093611,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1646381287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, exactly.</p>",
        "id": 274093710,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1646381378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Essentially controlled with <a href=\"https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit/-/blob/main/sushi-config.yaml#L31\">https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit/-/blob/main/sushi-config.yaml#L31</a>, right (in terms of the IG)?</p>",
        "id": 274115888,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1646393509
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Exactly!</p>",
        "id": 274127118,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1646400220
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For those of you who are interested. We will give a short presentation of our terminology server project (see <a href=\"https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit\">https://gitlab.com/elga-gmbh/termgit</a>) at the next Vocab Main WG call on 31 March at 9:30 pm CEST.</p>\n<p>Call details may be found here (from the last Vocab Main WG call): <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=94641215\">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=94641215</a></p>",
        "id": 276982743,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1648548411
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>will you be recording it?</p>",
        "id": 276982985,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1648548595
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll ask the host of the call if that's possible.</p>",
        "id": 276989044,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1648552404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"376049\">@Gabriel Kleinoscheg</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191427\">@Jens Villadsen</span>  Yes, it is possible for us to record the call (either Gabriel's part or all of it), as long as those who are on the call are ok with doing that (which I would expect will be the case).</p>",
        "id": 277060615,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1648585710
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191405\">@Rob Hausam</span> I just wanted to ask where the recording of our presentation could be accessed?</p>",
        "id": 277690196,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1649056404
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"376049\">@Gabriel Kleinoscheg</span> It will be included on the Confluence page for the minutes (we can possibly also make it available elsewhere, but we can start there).  I just didn't end up with time to get that uploaded yet (later last week or over the weekend), but I will do it this morning and will let you know when it is there.  Sorry for the delay!</p>",
        "id": 277721706,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1649074546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thank you, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191405\">@Rob Hausam</span>. Publishing on the Confluence page would be sufficient for me.</p>",
        "id": 277738814,
        "sender_full_name": "Gabriel Kleinoscheg",
        "timestamp": 1649082510
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"376049\">@Gabriel Kleinoscheg</span> Sorry that it took me a little while to finish, but the recording of your presentation and the chat text has been uploaded to the Confluence minutes <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=94650199\">page</a> (in #4.a.).  And I've also uploaded the recording and chat for the remainder of the call.  I also still plan to add details to the minutes text (which anyone else is also welcome to do).</p>",
        "id": 277786682,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1649102987
    }
]