---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Gravity Track Meetings · Gravity sdoh-cc"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/index.html">Gravity sdoh-cc</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity.20Track.20Meetings.html">Gravity Track Meetings</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="197454161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/233957-Gravity%20sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity%20Track%20Meetings/near/197454161" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mike C. <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity.20Track.20Meetings.html#197454161">(May 13 2020 at 18:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192205">@Lisa Nelson</span>  and greetings to all Gravity track participants,</p>
<p>I am on NewWave's Gravity Team and we are so excited to play the PMEHR role in this track! Just a couple questions regarding our meetings and how we will collaborate:</p>
<ul>
<li>I understand there is a common introductory call for all Connectathon members at 4PM today - do we have an additional separate Gravity Track call to introduce ourselves as well?  </li>
<li>Will there be a separate meeting dial-in/link to connect to our track's meetings? We do have access to the overall connectathon link, but we are assuming for the Gravity track there will be separate dial-in information. </li>
</ul>
<p>Thanks so much, we look forward to hearing back about this and meeting everyone! </p>
<ul>
<li>Michael Cox, NewWave Telecom &amp; Technologies</li>
</ul>



<a name="197462634"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/233957-Gravity%20sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity%20Track%20Meetings/near/197462634" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matt Elrod <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity.20Track.20Meetings.html#197462634">(May 13 2020 at 19:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><strong>Below are the details for the Gravity Track:</strong><br>
<a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/2020-05+Zoom+Info+for+Each+Track">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/2020-05+Zoom+Info+for+Each+Track</a></p>
<p><strong>Date  Time  &amp;  Agenda </strong>  <br>
May 13: 4 to 4:30 pm    HL7 kick-off<br>
May 13: 5 to 5:30 pm    Track kick-off</p>
<p>May 14: 9 to 10 am  Intro, overview, provide resources<br>
May 14: 10 am to 5:30 pm    Track testing</p>
<p>May 15: 9 to 10 am  Recap and review Thurs. testing problems and solutions<br>
May 15: 10 am to 12:30 pm   Track report-outs<br>
May 15: 1 to 1:30 pm    Participate in Care Coordination Track<br>
May 15: 1:30 to 6 pm    Participate in Care Coordination Track</p>



<a name="197467185"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/233957-Gravity%20sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity%20Track%20Meetings/near/197467185" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Natasha Kreisle <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity.20Track.20Meetings.html#197467185">(May 13 2020 at 19:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>The schedule with Plan A and Plan B (depending on the length of the HL7 webinar that starts at 4:00 pm ET) can be found here: <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hFmq2jvEwxLabb0dy3B09dZkwkDirfxH7XpYcR15Qpc/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hFmq2jvEwxLabb0dy3B09dZkwkDirfxH7XpYcR15Qpc/edit?usp=sharing</a></p>



<a name="197482032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/233957-Gravity%20sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity%20Track%20Meetings/near/197482032" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lisa Nelson <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/233957-Gravity-sdoh-cc/topic/Gravity.20Track.20Meetings.html#197482032">(May 13 2020 at 21:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="233880">@Mike C.</span>  Great to have you as a PMEHR - we look forward to testing with you!  perhaps you could post your oAuth documentation here.  That would be helpful for people who are at that level of readiness.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="235325">@Yan Wang</span>  Heads up....NuWave might be able to use our patient tokens....let's explore this once Mike posts his documentation.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
