---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · January 2022 Ballot Reconciliation · argonaut"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/index.html">argonaut</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html">January 2022 Ballot Reconciliation</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="268741051"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/268741051" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#268741051">(Jan 20 2022 at 19:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>US Core is reconciling  the 2022 January Ballot comments with the goal of publishing US Core Version 5.0.0 by June 2022.  We had over 100 comments and thank the commenters for their feedback.  To address many of these comments in the upcoming weeks, we will be posting block votes here and on the Cross Group Project list serve.  We will vote on the Block Votes and and discuss and vote on individual trackers on the Weekly Cross Group Project Work Group scheduled calls.  See below for details.</p>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> is Thursdays from 1-2 PM Eastern.  The next weekly call is 1/27/2022 where we plan to vote on Block Vote 1 and discuss individual ballot comments (which comments tbd)</p>
<p>CGP zoom information:  <a href="https://zoom.us/j/91506058769">https://zoom.us/j/91506058769</a><br>
CGP listserve email address: <a href="mailto:cgp@lists.hl7.org">cgp@lists.hl7.org</a></p>



<a name="268742712"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/268742712" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#268742712">(Jan 20 2022 at 19:12)</a>:</h4>
<h3>Block Vote 1</h3>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> is meeting <strong>next Thursday 1/27/2022</strong> from <em>1-2</em> PM Eastern (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59136">meeting link</a>).  We plan to vote on <strong>Block Vote 1</strong> of Jira Trackers.  We have prepared proposed dispositions and listed the trackers below.  If there are any items below that you would like to withdraw from the block vote for discussion please email me or respond on this stream.</p>
<p>Commenters</p>
<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191531">@Virginia Lorenzi</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192418">@Sean Muir</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="334982">@Keith Salzman</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191990">@Emma Jones</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span> </li>
<li>@Mitra Rocca</li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="297821">@Marti Velezis</span></li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192672">@Floyd Eisenberg</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191506">@Yunwei Wang</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191764">@Cooper Thompson</span> </li>
</ul>
<p>﻿1. Key: Summary (Reporter) <strong>Resolution</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35854">FHIR#35854</a>: Change fixed category slice to max=1 (ehaas) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35755">FHIR#35755</a>: Change Home Page to an explanation to exec summary of the problem and solution (vlorenzi) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35716">FHIR#35716</a>: ObservationStatus codes will need updating per V2 to FHIR mapping (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35707">FHIR#35707</a>: Status of active requires a period start to allow proper evaluation of status; Additional rules no active status if period has ended (seanmuir) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35706">FHIR#35706</a>: Pleased with this update, in particular SDOH Clarifications and Gender Identity (klsalzman) <strong>Considered - No action required</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35576">FHIR#35576</a>: New profiles missing from table (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35452">FHIR#35452</a>: Duplicate sections in US Core RelatedPerson profile (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35449">FHIR#35449</a>: Thank you for adding guidance on using US Core Profiles where not formally defined. (emmanurse) <strong>Considered - No action required</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35318">FHIR#35318</a>: US Core Condition - add optional verificationStatus search parameter (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35317">FHIR#35317</a>: Need to review the DiagnosticReport status codes for lab (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35283">FHIR#35283</a>: Conflicting documentation for MS within US Core Social History Assessment Observation Profile (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35282">FHIR#35282</a>: Conflicting guidance for Observation category for SDOH assessments (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35280">FHIR#35280</a>: US Core Condition profile ""status"" is ambiguous; clarify to be clinicalStatus (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35152">FHIR#35152</a>: CareTeam example has misleading CareTeam.participant.role value (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35125">FHIR#35125</a>: Bad description in mandatory element for DiagnsticReport.effective (RikiM) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35122">FHIR#35122</a>: Need to provide some guidance when specific code systems are to be used in ServiceRequest (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35065">FHIR#35065</a>: Is the Guidance chapter informative? (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35064">FHIR#35064</a>: Make npm package more prominent (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35047">FHIR#35047</a>: Change the query parameter value to be consistent with previous statement (mrocca) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34973">FHIR#34973</a>: Clarify ""time"" elements used in these report profiles (marti_velezis) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34971">FHIR#34971</a>: Observation.component without a value - should it exist in the diff table? (marti_velezis) <strong>Not Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34755">FHIR#34755</a>: RelatedPerson relationshiptype should have binding to FHIR value set RelatedPerson-relationshiptype (feisenberg) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34646">FHIR#34646</a>: Multiple us-core-1 invariants in IG (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34645">FHIR#34645</a>: ServiceRequest.category:us-core should be required? (yunwwang) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34554">FHIR#34554</a>: Narrative and structure mis-match on abatement date (cooper.thompson) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34552">FHIR#34552</a>: Should Condition date of diagnosis be an invariant instead of special MS meaning? (cooper.thompson) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34468">FHIR#34468</a>: Condition.clinicalStatus clarification (of invariant con-3) (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
</ol>



<a name="268744673"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/268744673" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#268744673">(Jan 20 2022 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>On the docket for the  1/27/2022 CGP call:</p>
<ol>
<li>Block Vote 1</li>
<li>
<p>Discuss  Assessments modeling related trackers:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35364">FHIR#35364</a> Streamline representation of SDOH screening instruments</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35363">FHIR#35363</a> Confused about “Results” vs “Screening Response”</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35282">FHIR#35282</a> Conflicting guidance for Observation category for SDOH assessments</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34752">FHIR#34752</a> Assessment codes for individual components of existing assessments too limited and superfluous</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34751">FHIR#34751</a> CLONE - Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34748">FHIR#34748</a> Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34384">FHIR#34384</a> Why is SDOH Assessment's Observation.component.code MS? Why is Observation.component?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>



<a name="269181538"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/269181538" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#269181538">(Jan 24 2022 at 22:25)</a>:</h4>
<h3>In Person Comments Pulled from Block Vote 1:</h3>
<p>My apologies to those of you who requested in person ballot resolution that I included in Block 1 above.  I am pulling these 6 issues to to give you chance to review in person on our weekly call.  Let us know when you will make the CGP call to discuss ASAP.  If you agree with the proposed resolution, let me know and I will add them to the next block.  </p>
<p>Commenters:</p>
<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span></li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="297821">@Marti Velezis</span> </li>
</ul>
<p>Key: Summary (Reporter) <strong>Resolution</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35716">FHIR#35716</a>: ObservationStatus codes will need updating per V2 to FHIR mapping (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35317">FHIR#35317</a>: Need to review the DiagnosticReport status codes for lab (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35125">FHIR#35125</a>: Bad description in mandatory element for DiagnsticReport.effective (RikiM) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35065">FHIR#35065</a>: Is the Guidance chapter informative? (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34973">FHIR#34973</a>: Clarify ""time"" elements used in these report profiles (marti_velezis) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34971">FHIR#34971</a>: Observation.component without a value - should it exist in the diff table? (marti_velezis) <strong>Not Persuasive with Modification</strong></p>



<a name="269307191"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/269307191" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#269307191">(Jan 25 2022 at 19:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> Should the resolution for <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34645">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34645</a> be "Not Persuasive with Mod" b/c there is proposed wording change.</p>



<a name="269831278"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/269831278" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marti Velezis <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#269831278">(Jan 29 2022 at 02:29)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> I will attend the CGP meeting on 2/10 for the items you pulled for me.  Thanks for pulling these for in person resolution.</p>



<a name="270318086"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/270318086" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#270318086">(Feb 02 2022 at 01:18)</a>:</h4>
<h3>Block Vote 2</h3>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> meets every  Thursday  from <em>1-2</em> PM Eastern (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">meeting info</a>).  We plan to vote on <strong>Block Vote 2</strong> of Jira Trackers on <strong>Thursday 2/10/2022</strong> (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59132">Conference Call Details</a>) which we have prepared with proposed dispositions and listed below.  All "in-person" ballots in this block have been approved by the commenter.  If there are any items below that you would like to withdraw from the block vote for discussion please email me or respond on this stream.  </p>
<p>Commenters</p>
<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191990">@Emma Jones</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191506">@Yunwei Wang</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191764">@Cooper Thompson</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="256919">@Hayden Bader</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="340591">@Joan Harper</span> </li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191676">@Lee Surprenant</span> </li>
<li>@janice karen</li>
</ul>
<p>Key: Summary (Reporter) <strong>Resolution</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35870">FHIR-35870</a>: Organization does not technically have a ""status"" element. It has an ""active"" element.  (hbader) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35716">FHIR-35716</a>: ObservationStatus codes will need updating per V2 to FHIR mapping (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35622">FHIR-35622</a>: Do not use inactive as a resource status to represent entered-in-error or deleted information  (emmanurse) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35454">FHIR-35454</a>: Defining URLshould be anchored in THO not <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir">hl7.org/fhir</a>. Only those with required binding to a 'code' data type should be anchored in hl7.fhir.org.1 (j_harper) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35380">FHIR-35380</a>: provide clearer guidance for $docref operation when no date range is specified (emmanurse) <strong>Not Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35317">FHIR-35317</a>: Need to review the DiagnosticReport status codes for lab (RikiM) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35125">FHIR-35125</a>: Bad description in mandatory element for DiagnsticReport.effective (RikiM) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34643">FHIR-34643</a>: Inconsistent on conditional required element (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34642">FHIR-34642</a>: Missing search query parameter value (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34637">FHIR-34637</a>: Is Reference(Organization) MustSupport? (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34630">FHIR-34630</a>: Get Medication's narrative examples don't match the JSON examples (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34629">FHIR-34629</a>: contextDirection in Example 1 is wrong (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34628">FHIR-34628</a>: reportedReference to other resources are not must supported (yunwwang) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34626">FHIR-34626</a>: Add further clarification between slicing a binding (4.1.0) vs using extensible binding (4.0.0) (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34624">FHIR-34624</a>: Example in Missing Data for coded element has wrong code system (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34623">FHIR-34623</a>: Referencing US Core Profiles (yunwwang) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34604">FHIR-34604</a>: BirthSex: inconsistent usage note in UNK description (janicemhdc) <strong>Considered - Question answered</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34488">FHIR-34488</a>: Ethnicity ValueSet code display needlessly differs from CodeSystem display (lmsurprenant) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
</ol>



<a name="270459259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/270459259" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#270459259">(Feb 02 2022 at 21:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>On the next CGP call tomorrow 2/3/2022 ( <a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59140">Call Details</a>) we plan to discuss and vote on the following trackers time permitting.<br>
(CGP Agenda: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/2022+Cross-Group+Project+Calls">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/2022+Cross-Group+Project+Calls</a>)</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>ODH trackers (2) (15 minutes) in person request:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34703">FHIR-34703</a>: Clarify in ""New Content"" that this does not include work information observations (ODH) (genny_luensman) Duplicate</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34702">FHIR-34702</a>: Reconsider the LOINC code used for Employment status to align with ODH (genny_luensman) Not Persuasive</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34701">FHIR-34701</a>: Clarify that SDOH data elements does not include work information (see ODH) (genny_luensman) Not Persuasive</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assessments (pick up from January 27 call - (45) come to resolution</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35364">FHIR#35364</a> Streamline representation of SDOH screening instruments</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35363">FHIR#35363</a> Confused about “Results” vs “Screening Response”</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35282">FHIR#35282</a> Conflicting guidance for Observation category for SDOH assessments</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34752">FHIR#34752</a> Assessment codes for individual components of existing assessments too limited and superfluous</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34751">FHIR#34751</a>  CLONE - Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34748">FHIR-34748</a> Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34384">FHIR#34384</a> Why is SDOH Assessment's Observation.component.code MS? Why is Observation.component?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>RelatedPerson tracker (Cooper) (if time)</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34556">FHIR-34556</a>  Remove MS from CareTeam.member / RelatedPerson reference</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Ballot content: <a href="http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/branches/master/profiles-and-extensions.html">http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/US-Core/branches/master/profiles-and-extensions.html</a></p>
<p>Ballot Dashboard:<a href="https://jira.hl7.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa">https://jira.hl7.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa</a></p>
<p>CGP zoom information:  <a href="https://zoom.us/j/91506058769">https://zoom.us/j/91506058769</a></p>
<p>CGP listserve email address: <a href="mailto:cgp@lists.hl7.org">cgp@lists.hl7.org</a></p>



<a name="270483324"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/270483324" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#270483324">(Feb 03 2022 at 00:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> Can you pull <a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34628">FHIR-34628</a> out of block vote 2? I would like to have an in-person discussion.</p>



<a name="270503273"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/270503273" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#270503273">(Feb 03 2022 at 05:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>of course</p>



<a name="272157490"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272157490" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272157490">(Feb 16 2022 at 18:24)</a>:</h4>
<h3>This Week's  Agenda</h3>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> is meeting this  Thursday  from <em>1-2</em> PM Eastern (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">meeting info</a>).  We have posted the complete agenda and trackers on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90342002">Confluence</a>.</p>
<ul>
<li>Assessments - final discussion <span aria-label="fingers crossed" class="emoji emoji-1f91e" role="img" title="fingers crossed">:fingers_crossed:</span> </li>
<li>In person comments with:<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192578">@Andrea Pitkus, PhD, MLS(ASCP)CM</span> , <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span>  Topic: laboratory reporting and CLIA compliant examples</li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span>  Topics: requirements for server upgrading to  USCore R4 from DSTU2 and what guidance is required.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Don't add "OTH" to OMB Race categories. <span aria-label="stop" class="emoji emoji-1f91a" role="img" title="stop">:stop:</span> </li>
<li>Condition Profiling  <span aria-label="thinking" class="emoji emoji-1f914" role="img" title="thinking">:thinking:</span></li>
</ul>



<a name="272358778"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272358778" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272358778">(Feb 18 2022 at 04:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>After  the January 2022 US Core ballot reconciliation is completed, we will publish the next version of USCore  (ver 5.0.0)  in June.  Any regular non-ballot US Core trackers submitted <strong>before March 18</strong> will  also be considered prior to publication.  Any tracker submitted after that date will be considered for the January 2023 ballot cycle.  Technical corrections will be exempt from this deadline.</p>



<a name="272359271"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272359271" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272359271">(Feb 18 2022 at 04:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>The  next <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> where we will be discussing and voting on US Core trackers is  Thursday March 3  from <em>1-2</em> PM Eastern (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">meeting info</a>).  The  agenda and trackers are posted on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90353272">Confluence</a>.</p>
<ul>
<li>Assessments - review of detailed proposal supporting option of <em>both</em> QuestionnaireResponse and Structured Observation to represent Assessment/Survey results and disposition of Assessment trackers.</li>
<li>In person comments with:<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span>  Topic: laboratory reporting</li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span>  Topics: requirements for server upgrading to  USCore R4 from DSTU2 and what guidance is required.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Don't add "OTH" to OMB Race categories. <span aria-label="stop" class="emoji emoji-1f91a" role="img" title="stop">:stop:</span> </li>
<li>Condition Profiling  <span aria-label="thinking" class="emoji emoji-1f914" role="img" title="thinking">:thinking:</span></li>
</ul>



<a name="272359327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272359327" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272359327">(Feb 18 2022 at 04:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>The following trackers are still extant and will be addressed on future calls:</p>



<a name="272359436"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272359436" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272359436">(Feb 18 2022 at 04:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><strong>Clinical Tests</strong></p>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35640">FHIR-35640</a>: Need to clarify the meaning/purpose of this profile/observation category (joelbales) Persuasive with Modification<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34973">FHIR-34973</a>: Clarify ""time"" elements used in these report profiles (marti_velezis) Persuasive with Modification<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34949">FHIR-34949</a>: Observation.category - Imaging vs Procedure (steven_nichols) Not Persuasive<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34753">FHIR-34753</a>: Clinical Test Result Observation Profile Must Have needs to address the 3 slices for procedure, exam, and activity in the explanatory text (feisenberg) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34555">FHIR-34555</a>: Do we need slices on category for Clinical Test Results? (cooper.thompson) ****</p>
<p><strong>Diagnostic Imaging</strong><br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35759">FHIR-35759</a>: Remove MS from DiagnosticReport.imagingStudy (corey_spears) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34975">FHIR-34975</a>: Imaging Study or Media is still unclear (marti_velezis) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34966">FHIR-34966</a>: Clarify profile specific implementation guidance for US Core DiagnosticReport Profile for Report and Note exchange (steven_nichols) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34958">FHIR-34958</a>: Imaging DiagnosticReport ontology (steven_nichols) Persuasive with Modification<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34949">FHIR-34949</a>: Observation.category - Imaging vs Procedure (steven_nichols) Not Persuasive</p>
<p><strong>Other Topics</strong></p>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35762">FHIR-35762</a>: Enable the use of US Core for non-provider specified data (corey_spears) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34890">FHIR-34890</a>: There are now about 19 profiles based on Observation, consider consolidating to all purpose Observation with code specific rule pages (dventon) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34546">FHIR-34546</a>: Remove text search requirement for Goal.description (cooper.thompson) ****</p>
<p><strong>Trackers Submitted since ballot: </strong> ( Trackers submitted after HIMMS (March 18) will be considered for Jan 2023 Ballot of USCore)</p>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35998">FHIR-35998</a>: race is needed in FamilyMemberHistory (john_moehrke) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35997">FHIR-35997</a>: allow ethnicity extension in FamilyMemberHistory (john_moehrke) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35937">FHIR-35937</a>: Consider Encounter.reason and reasonCode must support flags (cooper.thompson) ****<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34478">FHIR-34478</a>: Several Vital Signs missing from CapabilityStatement US Core Server page (beckyangeles) ****</p>
<p><strong>Review deferrals from prior cycles:</strong></p>
<p>TBD</p>



<a name="272369346"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272369346" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272369346">(Feb 18 2022 at 07:31)</a>:</h4>
<h3>Block Vote 3</h3>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a>  plans to vote on <strong>Block Vote 3</strong> of  Jira Trackers on <strong>Thursday 3/3/2022</strong> (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59141">Conference Call Details</a>) which we have prepared with proposed dispositions and listed below..  If there are any  of these anodyne items below that you would like to withdraw from the block vote for discussion please email me or respond on this stream.  </p>
<p>Commenters<br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span> <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> </p>
<p>Key: Summary (Reporter) <strong>Resolution</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-36058">FHIR-36058</a>: Update US Core Yearly Updates (ehaas) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-36056">FHIR-36056</a>: Update Condition Implementation Guidance to reflect recent changes (ehaas) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35998">FHIR-35998</a>: race is needed in FamilyMemberHistory (john_moehrke) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35997">FHIR-35997</a>: allow ethnicity extension in FamilyMemberHistory (john_moehrke) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
</ol>



<a name="272399030"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/272399030" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#272399030">(Feb 18 2022 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>



<a name="273738378"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/273738378" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#273738378">(Mar 02 2022 at 01:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Based on the Feb 17th Call proposal to include both QuestionnaireResponse and Observations to Record and Store Assessments Responses in FHIR, I am drafting a mock up how this would look <a href="https://hackmd.io/ObMVJ_ohQu2QsFZMiKYSBg?view">here</a>. This is  still incomplete. I will complete the draft the narrative introduction and Quick starts and overall guidance later today.  Based on this, I will update all the assessment related trackers so we can review and vote on them on this Thursday's call.</p>



<a name="273870670"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/273870670" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#273870670">(Mar 02 2022 at 20:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>On tomorrow's   <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> call we will be discussing and voting on the following US Core trackers.    (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">Meeting info</a>).</p>
<ol>
<li>Block vote 3 </li>
<li>
<p>Assessments</p>
<ul>
<li>review of detailed proposal supporting option of <em>both</em> QuestionnaireResponse and Structured Observation to represent Assessment/Survey results</li>
<li>Vote on a raft of SDOH Assessment trackers. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Don't add "OTH" to OMB Race categories. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(time permitting ) In person comments with:</p>
<ul>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span>  Topic: laboratory reporting</li>
<li><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span>  Topics: requirements for server upgrading to  USCore R4 from DSTU2 and what guidance is required.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
<p>The  agenda and trackers are posted on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90353272">Confluence</a>.  Please review the proposed dispositions and supporting material prior to the call.</p>



<a name="274033503"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/274033503" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#274033503">(Mar 03 2022 at 20:19)</a>:</h4>
<h3>Block Vote 5</h3>
<p>The <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a>  plans to vote on <strong>Block Vote 5</strong>  on <strong>Thursday 3/10/2022</strong> (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=59133">Conference Call Details</a>) which we have prepared with proposed dispositions and listed below. Many of these items have been discussed here in Zulip and on the CGP calls for the past several weeks and the resolutions are based on the Feb 17th Call proposal to include both QuestionnaireResponse and Observations to Record and Store Assessments Responses in FHIR, and mock up draft proposal <a href="https://hackmd.io/ObMVJ_ohQu2QsFZMiKYSBg?view">here</a>.   If there are any   items below that you would like to withdraw from the block vote for discussion please email me or respond on this stream.  </p>
<p>Commenters<br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191315">@Josh Mandel</span> <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192672">@Floyd Eisenberg</span><br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191764">@Cooper Thompson</span> <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194452">@Bas van den Heuvel</span> <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="336568">@Ruby Nash</span> </p>
<p>Issue key: Summary (Reporter) <strong>Resolution</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35364">FHIR-35364</a>: Streamline representation of SDOH screening instruments (jmandel) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35283">FHIR-35283</a>: Conflicting documentation for MS within US Core Social History Assessment Observation Profile (michelle.m.miller) <strong>Persuasive</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35068">FHIR-35068</a>: DSTU2 and R4 support status (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35067">FHIR-35067</a>: DSTU2 support not specified (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35066">FHIR-35066</a>: DSTU2 and R4 requirements hard to support (bvdh) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34986">FHIR-34986</a>: Response to the question posted in 10.96.1.1  (ruby_j_nash) <strong>Considered - No action required</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34752">FHIR-34752</a>: Assessment codes for individual components of existing assessments too limited and superfluous (feisenberg) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34751">FHIR-34751</a>: CLONE - Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation (feisenberg) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34748">FHIR-34748</a>: Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation (feisenberg) <strong>Persuasive with Modification</strong></li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34551">FHIR-34551</a>: MustSupport feedback for SDOH Assessment Obs profile (cooper.thompson) <strong>Not Persuasive</strong></li>
</ol>



<a name="276140878"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/276140878" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#276140878">(Mar 22 2022 at 03:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>On Thursday's   <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/CGP/Cross-Group+Projects+Home">Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP)</a> call we will be discussing and voting on the following US Core trackers.    (<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">Meeting info</a>).</p>
<p>These items have been discussed here in Zulip and on the CGP calls for the past several weeks and the resolutions are based on the Feb 17th Call proposal to include both QuestionnaireResponse and Observations to Record and Store Assessments Responses in FHIR, and mock up draft proposal <a href="https://hackmd.io/ObMVJ_ohQu2QsFZMiKYSBg?view">here</a>. (<a href="/user_uploads/10155/ryIUfiZF-TqSglF6FLfWO_KU/image.png">TLDR</a>)</p>
<hr>
<ol>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35364">FHIR-35364</a>: Streamline representation of SDOH screening instruments (jmandel) Persuasive with Modification</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34752">FHIR-34752</a>: Assessment codes for individual components of existing assessments too limited and superfluous (feisenberg) Persuasive with Modification</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34751">FHIR-34751</a>: CLONE - Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation (feisenberg) Marked as Duplicate of <a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34752">FHIR-34752</a> (Persuasive with Modification)</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34748">FHIR-34748</a>: Feedback on the inclusion of Observation.component as a Must Support element for systems to record multiple answers for a screening question in a single Observation (feisenberg) Persuasive with Modification</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34384">FHIR-34384</a>: Why is SDOH Assessment's Observation.component.code MS? Why is Observation.component? (Isaac.Vetter)  Persuasive with Modification</li>
<li><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-34550">FHIR-34550</a>: SDOH Category Codes section could call out that categorization is fuzzy for SDOH (cooper.thompson) Persuasive with Modification</li>
</ol>
<p>The agenda and trackers are posted on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=94637403">Confluence</a>. Please review the proposed dispositions and supporting material prior to the call.</p>



<a name="276141036"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/276141036" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#276141036">(Mar 22 2022 at 03:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>... we will also be discussing these in person comments:</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191698">@Riki Merrick</span>  : Lab results/ Diagnostic Report </p>
<p><a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35316">FHIR-35316</a>: Should be able to refer to media or images for pathology, hematology etc (RikiM) Not Persuasive<br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-35122">FHIR-35122</a>: Need to provide some guidance when specific code systems are to be used in ServiceRequest (RikiM) Not Persuasive with</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192672">@Floyd Eisenberg</span> , <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> <br>
<a href="http://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-36247">FHIR-36247</a> Modify OMB Race value set (in person)</p>



<a name="277933124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January%202022%20Ballot%20Reconciliation/near/277933124" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/January.202022.20Ballot.20Reconciliation.html#277933124">(Apr 05 2022 at 19:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>On Thursday's Cross-Group Project Work Group (CGP) call we will be discussing and voting on several  US Core Trackers. The agenda and trackers are posted on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=94650775">Confluence</a>. Please review the proposed dispositions and supporting material prior to the call. listed in the [Agenda]</p>
<p>(<a href="http://www.hl7.org/Special/committees/cgp/index.cfm">Meeting info</a>).</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
