[
    {
        "content": "<p>FYI: <a href=\"#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/OMOP.20Standard.20Terminologies\">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/OMOP.20Standard.20Terminologies</a></p>",
        "id": 250728186,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1629958744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This will be handy for our little extension to Atlas that allows importing concepts into a code-set based on a ValueSet $expansion. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191342\">@John Grimes</span></p>",
        "id": 251376524,
        "sender_full_name": "Michael Lawley",
        "timestamp": 1630413225
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>more on this. I'd like to assign FHIR URIs to the OMOP vocabularies. I added a couple of what I propose in rows 10 and 11 here: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ykzbW-RMRJV4doIpZANibu45WveLFoFA/edit#gid=2038668198\">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ykzbW-RMRJV4doIpZANibu45WveLFoFA/edit#gid=2038668198</a> and I'd like to register a base OID for OMOP and assign them all OIDs too.</p>",
        "id": 251667536,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1630560101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>are people happy with the approach shown?</p>",
        "id": 251667626,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1630560161
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have a proposal re: completing this table on the agenda in the Terminologies Subgroup meeting, Monday 1Nov21 2p Eastern.  <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/OOF/OMOP+on+FHIR+Terminologies+Subgroup+Meeting+-+Monday+1Nov21\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/OOF/OMOP+on+FHIR+Terminologies+Subgroup+Meeting+-+Monday+1Nov21</a></p>",
        "id": 259578830,
        "sender_full_name": "Davera Gabriel",
        "timestamp": 1635539113
    }
]