---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · FHIR support for virtual visits · implementers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/index.html">implementers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html">FHIR support for virtual visits</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="206067004"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206067004" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> frank cao <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206067004">(Aug 05 2020 at 19:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi, does FHIR have plans in the future to support virtual visits? Virtual visit information may require new elements to capture things like modality (video, audio, secure messaging), software platform, and etc. Any recommendation on how to expand the current encounter to support virtual visit scenarios?</p>



<a name="206082150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206082150" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206082150">(Aug 05 2020 at 21:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>FHIR has an <a href="http://build.fhir.org/extensibility.html">extensibility mechanism</a>. You can propose extensions to the Encounter resource that you think may be useful by creating a Jira change request from the <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir-issues">Propose a Change</a> link at the bottom of any page of the specification.</p>
<p>Having a discussion about your needs in this stream is also a good starting point.</p>



<a name="206086871"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206086871" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206086871">(Aug 05 2020 at 22:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>The value set for Encounter.class already supports the notion of 'virtual' encounters.  If you want to capture the mode of each participant (they might not all be the same), that would be an extension on Encounter.participant.</p>



<a name="206095452"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206095452" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206095452">(Aug 06 2020 at 01:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>there's this: <a href="http://www.healthintersections.com.au/?p=3017">http://www.healthintersections.com.au/?p=3017</a></p>



<a name="206144849"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206144849" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> frank cao <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206144849">(Aug 06 2020 at 14:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks! It sounds like FHIR have no immediate plans to make core changes to support virtual visits, and we should stick to extensions, is that correct?</p>



<a name="206152639"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206152639" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206152639">(Aug 06 2020 at 14:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>You're certainly free to use a change proposal to suggest changes to core.  These will be evaluated based on degree of support by existing systems.</p>



<a name="206224293"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206224293" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Townley-O&#x27;Neill <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206224293">(Aug 07 2020 at 05:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>For R4, extensions are the way to go. Any changes to core will appear in R5 (or later). Experience with extensions will influence any changes to core.</p>



<a name="206266316"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206266316" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> René Spronk <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206266316">(Aug 07 2020 at 14:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>The Danes have an elaborate IG for virtual visits: <a href="https://docs.ehealth.sundhed.dk/latest/ig/StructureDefinition-ehealth-videoappointment.html">https://docs.ehealth.sundhed.dk/latest/ig/StructureDefinition-ehealth-videoappointment.html</a></p>



<a name="206282070"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206282070" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Vassil Peytchev <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206282070">(Aug 07 2020 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>It seems that any existing work is on Appointment, and not on Encounter, and the initial question had Encounter as the focus.</p>



<a name="206337380"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/206337380" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> René Spronk <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#206337380">(Aug 08 2020 at 07:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hmm - right. There will be an overlap in terms of data items. I wonder what the required additional data elements would be, beyond the 'virtual' status and the connection details (URL, PIN, etc.)</p>



<a name="270459806"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR%20support%20for%20virtual%20visits/near/270459806" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Cooper Thompson <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR.20support.20for.20virtual.20visits.html#270459806">(Feb 02 2022 at 21:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>We had some discussion about representing virtual meeting info during the Jan 2022 WGM.  PA will be continuing that discussion on Feb 16 during our normal PA call (3pm US Eastern Time).  <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/PA/2022-02-16+Conference+Call+Agenda">2022-02-16 Conference Call Agenda</a>.  FYI <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="311954">@Brittany Brown</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192856">@Thomas Tveit Rosenlund</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
