---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · FHIR-22489 · implementers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/index.html">implementers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489.html">FHIR-22489</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="241490217"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489/near/241490217" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489.html#241490217">(Jun 04 2021 at 04:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-22489">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-22489</a> has a resolution about questionnaireresponse-extensions-QuestionnaireResponse-item-subject which does not exist in R5. R5 has a formal search parameter item-subject defined in QuestionnaireResponse. Should we close this ticket as not needed any more? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span></p>



<a name="241542066"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489/near/241542066" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489.html#241542066">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like we should actually address it as a technical correction for R4.</p>



<a name="241542128"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489/near/241542128" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489.html#241542128">(Jun 04 2021 at 14:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>(i.e. R4B)</p>



<a name="241568326"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489/near/241568326" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Yunwei Wang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/FHIR-22489.html#241568326">(Jun 04 2021 at 17:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe you can discuss that on the next SDC weekly call.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
