---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · GP Encounter Report · implementers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/index.html">implementers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html">GP Encounter Report</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153929182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929182" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929182">(Jan 17 2018 at 08:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm trying to model the way GPs do encounter in The Netherlands (and possibly abroad) in FHIR. For every Encounter there are 1..n complaints that a patient wants to dicuss. </p>
<p>Every complaint leads to journal entries of type S-O-A-P (Subjective - Objective - Assessment - Plan). A journal entry has an id, code (S-O-A-P), effectiveTime, text, author and MAY additionally be associated with an ICPC-1-NL code.</p>
<ul>
<li>S is always plain text -- patient describes his compliant</li>
<li>O may be textual, but may also be some observation (length, weight, lab test, ...)</li>
<li>A is always plain text and has most chance of being associated with an ICPC code</li>
<li>P may be text, but could also be a prescription, careplan, referral, ...</li>
</ul>
<p>Every set of S-O-A-P may be related to an "Episode", a health concern.</p>
<hr>
<p>I think I could use Observation like this, as long as every S-O-A-P is text or a real observation.</p>
<ul>
<li>Observation.code = LOINC 67781-5 Summarization of encounter note Narrative</li>
<li>Observation.context = Encounter</li>
<li>Observation.extension = context EpisodeOfCare</li>
<li>Observation.related.type = has-member</li>
<li>Observation.related.target = Observation S/O/A/P</li>
</ul>
<p>That does not work for prescription or careplan.</p>
<hr>
<p>For now I have landed on Composition per S-O-A-P set instead:</p>
<ul>
<li>Composition.type = LOINC 67781-5 Summarization of encounter note Narrative</li>
<li>Composition.encounter = Encounter</li>
<li>Composition.event = EpisodeOfCare (not entirely accurate...)</li>
<li>Composition.section.code = S/O/A/P</li>
<li>Composition.section.text = S/O/A/P text (status = additional)</li>
<li>Composition.section.entry = Observation | MedicationRequest | CarePlan</li>
<li>Composition.section.extension = ICPC code</li>
</ul>
<p>Anyone care to share how they solved structured encounter reporting, preferably with similar requirements? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> is this a topic for New Orleans?<br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191800">@Ben Schrijver</span></p>



<a name="153929205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929205" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929205">(Jan 17 2018 at 11:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>have you looked at ClinicalAssessment</p>



<a name="153929255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929255" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929255">(Jan 17 2018 at 16:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I.e. <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/clinicalimpression.html" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/clinicalimpression.html">http://hl7.org/fhir/clinicalimpression.html</a>? Thanks, no I had not... checked it just now. According to <a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Clinical_Assessment" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Clinical_Assessment">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=Clinical_Assessment</a> it is suited for the A in SOAP, but looking into the elements it appears to be capable for more</p>
<ul>
<li>ClinicalImpression.context = Encounter</li>
<li>ClinicalImpression.problem = S in SOAP text (semantically awkward match..)</li>
<li>ClinicalImpression.investigation = O in SOAP</li>
<li>ClinicalImpression.summary = A in SOAP text</li>
<li>ClinicalImpression.action = P in SOAP (awkward match for textual P, I'm missing Observation)</li>
</ul>
<p>Not sure where I'd put the ICPC code for the Assessment or how to connect an EpisodeOfCare. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191487">@Russell Leftwich</span> / <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192348">@Elaine Ayres</span> is there room for discussion in the New Orleans agenda?</p>



<a name="153929282"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929282" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929282">(Jan 17 2018 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span>  and PC and SD are looking at a Clinical Notes structure using Composition for S and A , since there are not many fans of ClinicaImpression.   ( I am ).     As I understand this discussion S, A = Clinical Notes ( aka A stripped down Composition)   you could have </p>
<p>Composition.type = LOINC 67781-5 Summarization of encounter note Narrative<br>
Composition.encounter = Encounter<br>
Composition.event = EpisodeOfCare (not entirely accurate...)<br>
Composition.section.code = S/O/A/P<br>
Composition.section.entry= <em>Clinical Notes ( aka A stripped down Composition)</em> |Observation | MedicationRequest | CarePlan<br>
Composition.section.extension = ICPC code</p>
<p>PC will be talking  about this  for Mon Q2 (PC, SD, FHIR-I),</p>



<a name="153929288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929288" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Russell Leftwich <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929288">(Jan 17 2018 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span>  I think this would be worthwhile discussion in New Orleans.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192348">@Elaine Ayres</span> will not be there.  What is best quarter to have this discussion.</p>



<a name="153929333"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929333" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929333">(Jan 17 2018 at 19:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Eric is correct.  This is on the agenda to discuss in New Orleans Mon Q2, which is a joint quarter with SD, PC, and FHIR-I.<br>
<a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=January_2018_WGM_New_Orleans;_Jan_27_to_Feb_8" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=January_2018_WGM_New_Orleans;_Jan_27_to_Feb_8">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=January_2018_WGM_New_Orleans;_Jan_27_to_Feb_8</a></p>



<a name="153929335"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929335" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929335">(Jan 17 2018 at 19:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would just add that SD advised that Composition.section.text can be used for the note narrative, itself, without requiring a reference to another resource(Composition.section.entry).  Some of the recent meeting minutes include:</p>
<ul>
<li>PC - Nov 30 - <a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=2017-11-30_Patient_Care_FHIR_Call#Clinical_Note" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=2017-11-30_Patient_Care_FHIR_Call#Clinical_Note">http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=2017-11-30_Patient_Care_FHIR_Call#Clinical_Note</a></li>
<li>SD - Dec 14 - <a href="http://www.hl7.org/documentcenter/public_temp_5FDD4E7F-1C23-BA17-0C08E37E733EAB03/wg/structure/minutes/Minutes%202017%2012%2014.rtf" target="_blank" title="http://www.hl7.org/documentcenter/public_temp_5FDD4E7F-1C23-BA17-0C08E37E733EAB03/wg/structure/minutes/Minutes%202017%2012%2014.rtf">http://www.hl7.org/documentcenter/public_temp_5FDD4E7F-1C23-BA17-0C08E37E733EAB03/wg/structure/minutes/Minutes%202017%2012%2014.rtf</a><br>
Next steps included testing this proposal at a Connectathon<br>
CC:  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191410">@Brett Marquard</span></li>
</ul>



<a name="153929582"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929582" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929582">(Jan 19 2018 at 10:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>which stream is testing this?</p>



<a name="153929635"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929635" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929635">(Jan 19 2018 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>The meeting minutes said "Maybe add a Notes track under the Documents Track (future) or clinicians on FHIR" but <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191410">@Brett Marquard</span> can confirm</p>



<a name="153929636"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929636" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brett Marquard <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929636">(Jan 19 2018 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just contacted Documents track lead to see about adding</p>



<a name="153929637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929637" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brett Marquard <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929637">(Jan 19 2018 at 16:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I vaguely remember discussing on the PC call and it was too quick for some vendors to participate</p>



<a name="153929638"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929638" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brett Marquard <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929638">(Jan 19 2018 at 16:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>BUT, I still think a conversation within the Current NOLA Document track with plans for future track makes sense</p>



<a name="153929785"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153929785" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Hay <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153929785">(Jan 20 2018 at 18:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Could this be done at COF?</p>



<a name="153930269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153930269" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153930269">(Jan 23 2018 at 09:35)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191487">@Russell Leftwich</span> I can't make Thursday Q3/Q4. Otherwise I'll try to be flexible. So: when will you have</p>



<a name="153930283"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153930283" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153930283">(Jan 23 2018 at 14:43)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span> This topic is planned for Monday Q2, which is a Patient Care hosted quarter with SD and FHIR-I.</p>



<a name="153930688"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153930688" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153930688">(Jan 25 2018 at 12:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll make sure to be there. Thanks.</p>



<a name="153930704"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153930704" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153930704">(Jan 25 2018 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>For those interested <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> / <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span>: I've created an example of my current spec @Simplifier:</p>
<p><a href="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport" target="_blank" title="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport">https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport</a></p>
<p><a href="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport-example-1" target="_blank" title="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport-example-1">https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/gp-EncounterReport-example-1</a></p>
<p>I also have a Bundle example converted from V3 containing gp-EncounterReports among other things:</p>
<p><a href="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/Bundle-gp-patient-summary-response-example-01" target="_blank" title="https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/Bundle-gp-patient-summary-response-example-01">https://simplifier.net/NictizSTU3/Bundle-gp-patient-summary-response-example-01</a></p>



<a name="153932748"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP%20Encounter%20Report/near/153932748" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179166-implementers/topic/GP.20Encounter.20Report.html#153932748">(Jan 29 2018 at 10:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've created a brief overview of what I'd like to achieve and where my issues are for todays discussion. The powerpoint is attached to [GF#12676] - <a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=12676" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=12676">http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=12676</a></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
