---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · merging repos · svc"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/index.html">svc</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html">merging repos</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="230166859"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230166859" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230166859">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>hey <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191415">@Giorgio Cangioli</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span>  i want to plan on merging svc-rc1 back into the main repo svc.   one of the  reasons we had two branches was because of how we had the IG publisher github workflow configured which made it difficult to maintain several tagged/published versions under the gh-pages (e.g. one for RC1 and one for RC2).   the workflow is changed now so that we can indicate branches to publish to gh-pages under refs/heads/{branch-name} based on a pull/commit event.   note also the main branch will  publish to the root of gh-pages  on any commit.</p>
<p>if we pull this workflow into the  svc  repo, we can maintain rc1 and rc2 branches with corresponding directories under gh-pages.</p>
<p>some improvements yet to do on the workflow, but at least solves the problem of keeping multiple active copies.</p>



<a name="230166920"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230166920" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230166920">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm all for it. Is there a way to be useful before rc1 is released?</p>



<a name="230167043"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167043" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167043">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>example:<br>
 test branch content is here  <a href="https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/test/">https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/test/</a><br>
 and here <a href="https://github.com/who-int/svc-rc1/tree/gh-pages/refs/heads">https://github.com/who-int/svc-rc1/tree/gh-pages/refs/heads</a> you can see the test and main branches<br>
while the main (for public comment) is here  <a href="https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1">https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1</a></p>



<a name="230167130"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167130" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167130">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span>  we need to figure out how/when to merge the svc and svc-rc1 repos.</p>



<a name="230167131"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167131" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167131">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>a couple of things here.....</p>



<a name="230167340"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167340" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167340">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:50)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>figuring out the IPS dependency and tagging issues (BTW... also can try to branches and or tags under IPS w/ the github workflow if useful)</li>
<li>we are trying to get an aligned framework for the IG content following L1-L4 knowledge representation layers so we need to get the  svc repo aligned tt that.   (flagging for <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191359">@Bryn Rhodes</span>  as well - do we have a who-int template repo we should be using )</li>
</ul>



<a name="230167574"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167574" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167574">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>(cont)<br>
 For RC1</p>
<ul>
<li>decide on the model for the composition / bundle  relationships to the paper SVC and immunization events and QR codes (need some diagrams to show this)</li>
<li>need to determine land on how we model the QR code representation of the key content (want to ensure we can build some test/assertions off of these)</li>
<li>build out some workflow diagrams (<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191832">@Jose Costa Teixeira</span>  what do we need to do pull in the transaction and platuml stuff in?)</li>
</ul>
<p>For RC2</p>
<ul>
<li>I need to pull in svc-rc2 content into a branch (currently private ) </li>
<li>for RC2  we need to decide if we want to do section[all vaccines] or  section[all vaccines][covid vaccines] based on consent/selective disclosure use cases</li>
</ul>



<a name="230167634"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167634" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167634">(Mar 13 2021 at 14:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>A thing I forgot to ask yesterday: is svc-rc1 essentially a variation on Giorgios IG that Trudy and I commented on, or is that all your IG?</p>



<a name="230167960"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167960" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167960">(Mar 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>it was started clean.  unfortunately, was under a time crunch and didn't have time to fully grok what was under svc to figure out was there. same deficit still exists.</p>



<a name="230167982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230167982" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230167982">(Mar 13 2021 at 15:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>also noticing that svc repo does not have fsh/ directory under input/ so maybe need to do some manual merging</p>



<a name="230168297"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230168297" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230168297">(Mar 13 2021 at 15:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191375">Alexander Henket</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos/near/230167634">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>A thing I forgot to ask yesterday: is svc-rc1 essentially a variation on Giorgios IG that Trudy and I commented on, or is that all your IG?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>added <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="392661">@Trudy Hagg</span> .   is Gaby here?</p>



<a name="230168406"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230168406" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230168406">(Mar 13 2021 at 15:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Plantuml works out of the box. <br>
Transactions we have to edit the plantuml and markdown, because that will still need to go through IG publisher changes.</p>



<a name="230168493"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230168493" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230168493">(Mar 13 2021 at 15:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>this commit shows how to add aplantuml, the page that contains it, and the reference to the page in the ig.xml, as well as an optional menu item<br>
<a href="https://github.com/costateixeira/devdays-covid19-vaccine/commit/a6a818f930960114457a19d33bfebdc869699003">https://github.com/costateixeira/devdays-covid19-vaccine/commit/a6a818f930960114457a19d33bfebdc869699003</a></p>



<a name="230183557"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230183557" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230183557">(Mar 13 2021 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191604">@Carl Leitner</span> , there is a template here: <a href="https://github.com/who-int/ig-template-who">https://github.com/who-int/ig-template-who</a></p>



<a name="230210770"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230210770" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230210770">(Mar 14 2021 at 04:11)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191359">Bryn Rhodes</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos/near/230183557">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191604">Carl Leitner</span> , there is a template here: <a href="https://github.com/who-int/ig-template-who">https://github.com/who-int/ig-template-who</a></p>
</blockquote>
<p>thanks!   i was also thinking of having a  template repo as in <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository">https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-template-repository</a> which i guess is different then the repo template you put ;-)</p>
<p>the template repo would set up the input/fsh, input/pagecontent,etc. directory structure and put in the default L1-L4 toc/menu structure (but w/o the L1-L4 prefixes).   this could help keep documentation styles consistent.  seem worthwhile?</p>



<a name="230340799"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230340799" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230340799">(Mar 15 2021 at 13:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, a template repository would be good, with all the base pages set up</p>



<a name="230369349"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230369349" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230369349">(Mar 15 2021 at 15:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>rc1 and rc2 repo continuous builds are live at <br>
<a href="https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/rc1/">https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/rc1/</a><br>
<a href="https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/rc2/">https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/refs/heads/rc2/</a><br>
main repo deploys to<br>
<a href="https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/">https://who-int.github.io/svc-rc1/</a></p>



<a name="230369533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230369533" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230369533">(Mar 15 2021 at 15:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>(still working on putting stuff into rc2 branch)</p>



<a name="230549847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230549847" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230549847">(Mar 16 2021 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191415">@Giorgio Cangioli</span>  or <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span>  when do you think we would have a tagged version of IPS w/ the relaxed constraints on demographics, etc.?</p>



<a name="230553193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230553193" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Giorgio Cangioli <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230553193">(Mar 16 2021 at 17:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191604">@Carl Leitner</span>  the intent is to have an STU update for the May Connectathon, if a tagged version is needed in advance let's work for this. <br>
The later the better :-)</p>



<a name="230553689"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230553689" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230553689">(Mar 16 2021 at 17:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks.   and understand the need for later for that.  from the SVC side, we want to reference the IPS.  it sounds like we can't do that for RC1, perhaps not for RC2 as well.   that's ok, but for our main resource, that means we will need to repeat IPS Imm. constraints in SVC Imm.</p>



<a name="230554021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230554021" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230554021">(Mar 16 2021 at 17:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>the other thing we discussed was for the repos, we do want the svc repo to be the main one and we want to deprecate svc-rc1.  given where we are with svc-rc1, it may be simplest to rename svc to svc-something-else and then rename svc-rc1 to svc.</p>



<a name="230554209"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230554209" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230554209">(Mar 16 2021 at 17:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>(given where we are includes the gh-pages CI build, the strucutre/t.o.c., and partially the content)</p>



<a name="230554319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230554319" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230554319">(Mar 16 2021 at 17:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did see that there were a few more issues raised on the svc repo.  is the intent to resolve them there and then pull them into svc-rc1?</p>



<a name="230579001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230579001" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230579001">(Mar 16 2021 at 19:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Perhaps the best thing to do for now is to rename current svc to svc-ips and we use that for strict IPS requirements.  this could/would eventually be merged into the current svc, once IPS dependencies are sorted, as part of rc2 or rc3.</p>



<a name="230583912"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230583912" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230583912">(Mar 16 2021 at 20:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>for rc1 (which comes out Friday) i'll make sure that the composition here is aligned with resource <a href="https://github.com/who-int/svc/blob/main/fsh/profiles.fsh">https://github.com/who-int/svc/blob/main/fsh/profiles.fsh</a> svc-rc1</p>



<a name="230882378"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging%20repos/near/230882378" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carl Leitner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/281981-svc/topic/merging.20repos.html#230882378">(Mar 18 2021 at 15:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>hi all.   repo's have been renamed.  if you were working on svc, it is now svc-ips and you may need to do a:<br>
   git remote set-url origin git@github.com:who-int/svc-ips.git<br>
or so.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191415">@Giorgio Cangioli</span></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
