---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · DevDays Student-Track 2016 · students"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/index.html">students</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html">DevDays Student-Track 2016</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153852976"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153852976" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153852976">(Oct 17 2016 at 09:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi, as mentioned in the email - here is the place to discuss joined (social) activities in the context of the Student Track.</p>



<a name="153853178"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153853178" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153853178">(Oct 19 2016 at 13:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>How is everyone doing with the preparations? </p>



<a name="153853718"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153853718" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153853718">(Oct 21 2016 at 14:54)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191334">@Marten Smits</span> i just put some work in the profiles for the student track:<br>
- Practitioner &amp; Organization had a missing discriminator<br>
- the profiles werte snapshot profiles with some missing fields: ID &amp; Meta, so we always got errors whilst trying to validate<br>
I uploaded the fixed and to differential transformed profiles here: <a href="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/Y55ml1NlbyOeNQ2" target="_blank" title="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/Y55ml1NlbyOeNQ2">https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/Y55ml1NlbyOeNQ2</a></p>



<a name="153853719"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153853719" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153853719">(Oct 21 2016 at 14:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>we are currently working on a microservice which just validates studentTrack resources (we hope to include slicing)</p>



<a name="153853882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153853882" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153853882">(Oct 24 2016 at 07:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks Patrick, I'll take a look and update them!</p>



<a name="153853899"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153853899" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153853899">(Oct 24 2016 at 12:12)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191334">@Marten Smits</span> you are welcome. I just saved the modified profiles in an snapshot version. (HAPI needs snapshots to validate<br>
<a href="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/AMZP6RybDiiEAy9" target="_blank" title="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/AMZP6RybDiiEAy9">https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/AMZP6RybDiiEAy9</a></p>



<a name="153854522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153854522" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153854522">(Oct 27 2016 at 11:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Another Update from our side: we fixed the provided example resources (e.g. the DateTime String was not FHIR/ISO 8601 complient). For resources with no available examples we created minimal examples<br>
Available here: <a href="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/7EK5Aab4jncxSIn" target="_blank" title="https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/7EK5Aab4jncxSIn">https://cloud.pawerner.de/index.php/s/7EK5Aab4jncxSIn</a></p>



<a name="153854598"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153854598" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153854598">(Oct 28 2016 at 12:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks Patrick! I just uploaded them to simplifier</p>



<a name="153855020"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153855020" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Monika Moser <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153855020">(Nov 01 2016 at 15:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello, candidates and mentors. A few more questions appeared during implementing our client. Should we be able to create new lab results or just update them?<br>
"A medical Laboratory wants to be make the lab results available to both practitioners as well as patients as soon as possibles. The lab results must be complete and easy to find." We are not sure about the definition of this usecase. Should the lab be able to post new resources in the lab view?<br>
Thanks in advance.</p>



<a name="153855083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153855083" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153855083">(Nov 02 2016 at 10:49)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195285">@Monika Moser</span> This is your choice, but I think a Laboratory clients is supposed to be able to create send new Lab Results to a surfer, and also should be able to update them. The conformance resource of the Lab Client also states that. <a href="https://simplifier.net/DevDaysStudents2016/LabClient/rendered" target="_blank" title="https://simplifier.net/DevDaysStudents2016/LabClient/rendered">https://simplifier.net/DevDaysStudents2016/LabClient/rendered</a> </p>



<a name="153855800"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153855800" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153855800">(Nov 07 2016 at 21:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi, some of the chilean students got an entry ticket on Nov 3rd sent via email, but some haven't. Is there a reason for this, should they be concerned?</p>



<a name="153855948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153855948" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153855948">(Nov 08 2016 at 10:36)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191451">@Patrick Werner</span> I sent an email to my colleague Susanne, who sends those emails, I copied you in as well.</p>



<a name="153855962"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153855962" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153855962">(Nov 08 2016 at 11:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks Marten. There seems to be some inconsitency in the ticket sending process (or maybe it isn't finished yet).<br>
Some of the german students got an entry ticket, some didn't. I'll figure this out with Susanne.</p>



<a name="153857122"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153857122" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153857122">(Nov 16 2016 at 07:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>We deployed our custom validator on our server yesterday</p>



<a name="153857123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153857123" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153857123">(Nov 16 2016 at 07:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>URL is <a href="https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/{ResourceName}" target="_blank" title="https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/{ResourceName}">https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/{ResourceName}</a></p>



<a name="153857124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153857124" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153857124">(Nov 16 2016 at 07:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>e.g.: <a href="https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/DiagnosticReport" target="_blank" title="https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/DiagnosticReport">https://fhir.gecko.hs-heilbronn.de/norwayvalidator/validate/DiagnosticReport</a></p>



<a name="153857125"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153857125" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153857125">(Nov 16 2016 at 07:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>supported ResourceTypes: Practitioner, Observation, Organization,DiagnosticReport</p>



<a name="153857126"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153857126" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Patrick Werner <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153857126">(Nov 16 2016 at 07:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Return HTTP Code: 200 if the Request was valid &amp; JSON Array with the issues</p>



<a name="153858106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays%20Student-Track%202016/near/153858106" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marten Smits <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179193-students/topic/DevDays.20Student-Track.202016.html#153858106">(Nov 22 2016 at 09:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thank you all for making the student track a success! I had a lot of fun, hope you had fun as well! I will send some evaluation questions soon, to make next year even better. Thanks again!</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
