---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · HL7 AU Nov Meeting · australia"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179173-australia/index.html">australia</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7.20AU.20Nov.20Meeting.html">HL7 AU Nov Meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153855194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7%20AU%20Nov%20Meeting/near/153855194" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Stephen Royce <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7.20AU.20Nov.20Meeting.html#153855194">(Nov 03 2016 at 02:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191367">@Brian Postlethwaite</span>  &amp; <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191368">@Brett Esler</span>: It has been suggested that I show some of the prototype work we've been doing in the FHIR logical modelling space at the connectathon next week.  Rebecca is okay for me to do it, but says I need to co-ordinate with you on whether or not it's feasible to add it to the programme at this late stage, and, if it is, at what time.  I would think I only need 1/2 an hour, although I could stretch it to a whole hour if you need me to.  What do you think?</p>



<a name="153855196"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7%20AU%20Nov%20Meeting/near/153855196" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7.20AU.20Nov.20Meeting.html#153855196">(Nov 03 2016 at 02:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good to me.<br>
We should have that discussion in the opening of the meeting to see interest and what room we can do this.<br>
I would like to have the developers see that, maybe just after lunch on Monday for the half hour so that they can get an idea what is going on.<br>
<a href="http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda" target="_blank" title="http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda">http://confluence.hl7australia.com/display/PA/2016+November+WGM+Agenda</a><br>
Shows that we should be ok with that slot.</p>



<a name="153855199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7%20AU%20Nov%20Meeting/near/153855199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Stephen Royce <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179173-australia/topic/HL7.20AU.20Nov.20Meeting.html#153855199">(Nov 03 2016 at 02:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Is that Monday Q3 you're suggesting?  Anyway, whatever suits you and you think is best, I'm happy to go along with.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
