---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · FHIR - Nordic cooperation - meeting/call #2 · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html">FHIR - Nordic cooperation - meeting/call #2</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="162800080"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/162800080" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#162800080">(Apr 08 2019 at 08:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've sent out invitations for the May meeting, but I need to move it to the 8th because of holiday/may 1st, so look for an update soon. </p>
<p>Meanwhile, we can discuss agenda in this thread.</p>



<a name="163366150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/163366150" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Viktor Jernelöv <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#163366150">(Apr 15 2019 at 09:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi,<br>
One "boring" but quite useful thing to decide on is some form of common guidelines when creating national profiles and extensions:</p>
<p>-pattern for naming them/setting the canonical URL, versioning etc<br>
-formal policies when creating them (ie "don't create something that already exists" and "don't put use case specific stuff in extensions, do that in profiles instead" and similar things that would increase the overall quality)<br>
-what metadata to fill in (status, publisher, useContext etc)</p>
<p>I assume a lot of this is something we could steal from work being done in other countries or work streams, but it's stuff that we all should have to deal with at one point or another and it's most likely quite country independent and would therefor be a suitable thing to solve together.</p>
<p>EDIT: It may very well be so that there is work done in Norway, Denmark and/or Finland that we could agree upon being the "nordic" way of handling these kind of questions.</p>
<p>The agenda topic could be to decide on IF and HOW we push this and similar topics forward.</p>



<a name="164384438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/164384438" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#164384438">(Apr 28 2019 at 12:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>The temporary link to the IG for the danish telemedicine setup: <a href="https://ehealth-documentation.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/latest/ig/index.html" target="_blank" title="https://ehealth-documentation.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/latest/ig/index.html">https://ehealth-documentation.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/latest/ig/index.html</a></p>



<a name="164688665"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/164688665" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#164688665">(May 02 2019 at 08:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>We need agenda proposals for the upcoming call - what do you want to discuss next wednesday?</p>



<a name="164690945"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/164690945" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#164690945">(May 02 2019 at 08:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>One topic could be 'what do we want to talk about in Stockholm' :-)</p>



<a name="167468155"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167468155" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167468155">(Jun 06 2019 at 10:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>.... looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow!</p>



<a name="167555792"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167555792" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oskar Thunman <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167555792">(Jun 07 2019 at 07:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>At the beginning of the nordic meeting today I mentioned the difference in what sections are part of the eH DSI (former epSOS) CDA specs, the former version of the eHealth Network Guidelines (back when they  spoke of mandatory/optional sections) and finally the CEN IPS (as it looked in november when we did this summary): <a href="/user_uploads/10155/rjVas475tlAZOT4h56mBXkmO/Sections.png" target="_blank" title="Sections.png">Sections.png</a></p>
<div class="message_inline_image"><a href="/user_uploads/10155/rjVas475tlAZOT4h56mBXkmO/Sections.png" target="_blank" title="Sections.png"><img src="/user_uploads/10155/rjVas475tlAZOT4h56mBXkmO/Sections.png"></a></div>



<a name="167555907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167555907" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167555907">(Jun 07 2019 at 07:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>what does it mean that IPS has no optionality?</p>



<a name="167556410"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167556410" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167556410">(Jun 07 2019 at 08:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>ain't anything that isn't listed as 'R' optional?</p>



<a name="167556490"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167556490" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oskar Thunman <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167556490">(Jun 07 2019 at 08:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>In the IPS column the blanks should say "Required if Known"</p>



<a name="167562951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167562951" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167562951">(Jun 07 2019 at 09:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>thx</p>



<a name="167578439"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/167578439" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jacob Andersen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#167578439">(Jun 07 2019 at 13:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Bye. And thanks for setting up the Skype link! Great discussion</p>



<a name="169241862"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/169241862" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#169241862">(Jun 28 2019 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Did you set the date for the next call? That is, will we have a call on the first Wednesday of July?</p>



<a name="169386275"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/169386275" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#169386275">(Jul 01 2019 at 11:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>None set yet, AFAIK</p>



<a name="173006975"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR%20-%20Nordic%20cooperation%20-%20meeting/call%20%232/near/173006975" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/FHIR.20-.20Nordic.20cooperation.20-.20meeting.2Fcall.20.232.html#173006975">(Aug 12 2019 at 08:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've been on a long vacation. I'll invite for a call September  4th.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
