---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - Call 13 - April · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html">Nordics on FHIR - Call 13 - April</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="228558846"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/228558846" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#228558846">(Mar 03 2021 at 09:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Proposed agenda:<br>
IPS - Finland / Timo Kaskinen <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195885">@Timo Kaskinen</span> <br>
Danish Organization/Practitioner, MedCom Messaging / Michael Johansen? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192163">@Michael Johansen</span> <br>
Nordic eHealth group minutes – Nordic Council of Ministers / Arvid Thunholm? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195664">@Arvid Thunholm</span></p>



<a name="228559120"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/228559120" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#228559120">(Mar 03 2021 at 09:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Wednesday 2021-03-07 0900-1000 CET @ Skype: <a href="https://meet.ehelse.no/espen.stranger.seland/D48WQB0G">https://meet.ehelse.no/espen.stranger.seland/D48WQB0G</a></p>



<a name="229262764"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/229262764" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Arvid Thunholm <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#229262764">(Mar 08 2021 at 08:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span>  seems fine</p>



<a name="230145308"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/230145308" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#230145308">(Mar 13 2021 at 07:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>The topic says April, but I read the Skype time to be March 7...</p>



<a name="230271467"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/230271467" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michael Johansen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#230271467">(Mar 14 2021 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sorry for missing the Marts meeting. I will be there in April, and happy to present the Danish Organization/Practitioner and the use in our first two messagetypes HospitalNotification and CareCommunication (clinical e-mail).</p>



<a name="233467142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/233467142" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#233467142">(Apr 07 2021 at 10:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>We had a great (I think) discussion on both IPA/IPS and the Danish profiles. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195664">@Arvid Thunholm</span> was not present, so I hope we'll get the notes from the Nordic eHealth group either offline or at the next meeting?</p>



<a name="234111172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/234111172" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Arvid Thunholm <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#234111172">(Apr 12 2021 at 06:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sorry I missed it. I was on vacation last week. I haven' t acctually received any notes from the Nordic eHealth group meeting yet</p>



<a name="234112693"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%2013%20-%20April/near/234112693" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.2013.20-.20April.html#234112693">(Apr 12 2021 at 07:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I missed it as well ... I had to much COVID-stuff going on</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
