---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - call #6 · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html">Nordics on FHIR - call #6</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="184887344"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/184887344" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#184887344">(Jan 06 2020 at 08:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Happy new year! </p>
<p>I have not invited to a meeting this wednesday 8th. If someone comes up with a topic, I'll invite for a call on wednesday 15th. </p>
<p>What we could discuss further is the Action Points (AP) from the Nordic meeting on standardization (Nordic Council of Ministers):</p>
<p>AP2: To influence the HL7 with a common Nordic voice. Call for meeting on profiles on a Nordic level </p>
<ul>
<li>What have been done so far on FHIR (middle name...)</li>
<li>What other areas could be focus for Nordic cooperation (FHIR and non-FHIR), like imaging, medications, etc. </li>
</ul>
<p>AP3: Collect and share information from each Nordic country and how profiling is performed</p>



<a name="188906459"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/188906459" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#188906459">(Feb 24 2020 at 08:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll send out invitations for a call 2020-03-04 so we don't loose connection :-)</p>



<a name="189191749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/189191749" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#189191749">(Feb 27 2020 at 07:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>One topic to discuss would be Nordic cooperation on International Patient Access. <a href="https://build.fhir.org/ig/grahamegrieve/ipa-candidate/" target="_blank" title="https://build.fhir.org/ig/grahamegrieve/ipa-candidate/">https://build.fhir.org/ig/grahamegrieve/ipa-candidate/</a>. The aim would be to get a profile similar to the US Core defined for Nordic countries, perhaps including the Netherlands too. That is for the content. In addition, we would need to agree on methods for authorization, etc. Anyone interested in this?</p>



<a name="189191801"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/189191801" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#189191801">(Feb 27 2020 at 07:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>We could also discuss whether we want to meet face-to-face in an event next to either Vitalis or HIMSS Europe, or both.</p>



<a name="189477651"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/189477651" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#189477651">(Mar 02 2020 at 10:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>We (Trifork) are heading into an european project where we need to have a look at the IPS. If the project gets started, we will have some time to have a look at how IPA/IPS fits better into european usage</p>



<a name="189477665"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/189477665" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#189477665">(Mar 02 2020 at 10:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll keep you posted whether we get somewhere or not ;)</p>



<a name="189504140"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%236/near/189504140" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.236.html#189504140">(Mar 02 2020 at 15:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>We are also looking into this. IPS as a document is one thing, but using IPS as inspiration for a "Nordic+" US Core/Argonaut Query is interesting. IPA is good, but we need something between light weight IPA and the heavier IPS, including coding systems/value sets. We could absolutely talk about this on wednesday, as the Nordic Council of Ministers are searching for a common Nordic project. I have lots of ideas, just not much on paper...</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
