---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - call #5 · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.235.html">Nordics on FHIR - call #5</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="181800309"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%235/near/181800309" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.235.html#181800309">(Nov 25 2019 at 08:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>In the last Nordic meeting on standardization arranged by the Nordic Council there were to Action Points regarding FHIR:</p>
<p>AP2: To influence the HL7 with a common Nordic voice. Call for meeting on profiles on a Nordic level <br>
AP3: Collect and share information from each Nordic country and how profiling is performed</p>
<p>We could discuss how we can make an input to these action points in our next call. </p>
<p>Want invitation to the call? PM me with your email address or use <a href="mailto:espen.stranger.seland@ehelse.no" title="mailto:espen.stranger.seland@ehelse.no">espen.stranger.seland@ehelse.no</a></p>



<a name="181915035"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%235/near/181915035" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.235.html#181915035">(Nov 26 2019 at 12:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi, there was a call last week with a number of people representing most of the Nordic countries disussing FHIR, decision support and integration with EHRs. The group have planned a new meeting and there was a proposal for meeting a day in connection with HIMSS Europe in Finland next spring. Maybe we can have a short discussion on how we will relate to this  group?</p>



<a name="181938586"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%235/near/181938586" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.235.html#181938586">(Nov 26 2019 at 16:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191427">@Jens Villadsen</span> Could you do a small presentation of your experiences with IG Publisher?</p>



<a name="181945617"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20call%20%235/near/181945617" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20call.20.235.html#181945617">(Nov 26 2019 at 17:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sure</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
