---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - Call #7 - May 2020 · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html">Nordics on FHIR - Call #7 - May 2020</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="195022925"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/195022925" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#195022925">(Apr 23 2020 at 06:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Invitation sent. If you want an invitation, please let me know.</p>



<a name="195023101"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/195023101" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#195023101">(Apr 23 2020 at 06:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Under is my notes from last meeting, with three main areas for cooperation that can have deliverables in 2020. Please comment. </p>
<p>SHARING DATA OVER FHIR REST APIs -- Proposal of activities to [the standardization group of Nordic Council of Ministers] regarding HL7 FHIR<br>
BASIC DATA ACCESS<br>
-   Join an (established) international initiative/project that could be useful for the Nordic countries, focusing on (simple) FHIR REST API data access<br>
-   Proposal: International Patient Access (IPA) initiative<br>
      -         (KISS)<br>
      -         The Netherlands could be interested in joining<br>
-   Activities:<br>
      - Join workgroup(s) for proposed initiative(s) with active resources, sponsorship<br>
      - Specification work, testing/piloting<br>
Deliverables: [best practice/guide/report]</p>
<p>TERMINOLOGY SERVICES<br>
-   Architecture for terminology services<br>
-   Lookup, translation, mapping services<br>
Full semantic interoperability regarding coding, even between the Nordice countries, is a long shot. We should focus how we can solve this on relative short term with terminology services/servers for end users (EHRs, apps, etc.) <br>
Deliverables: [best practice/guide/report]</p>
<p>SECURE APIs<br>
-   Token exchange, OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect etc.,<br>
-   EU initiatives?<br>
This can be seen as a subtask for Basic data access.<br>
Deliverables: [best practice/guide/report]</p>



<a name="195125858"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/195125858" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#195125858">(Apr 23 2020 at 22:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I agree with all of it ;) I'm a bit concerned about how much of it actually will be possible in 2020 - due to the fact that the authorities (at least in DK) usually focus on the business needs first, and secondly on the standard - which is a fair priority in many perspectives. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192477">@Thor Schliemann</span> you might be the best voice here representing danish healthcare authorities: which of the points that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> mentions could gain the focus, funding and interest of the authorities in DK?</p>



<a name="195168029"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/195168029" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#195168029">(Apr 24 2020 at 10:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi. We could focus on the business, it does not have to be technical. We have to scope it down so we can deliver "something". It's a hard task on a tight timeframe. The next meeting in the standardization group under Nordic Council of Ministers is also postponed to late August.</p>



<a name="199121919"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/199121919" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#199121919">(May 29 2020 at 07:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>Follow-up:</p>
<p>Do we have some of the 0.5-2 page summaries from each Nordic country regarding governance of FHIR on national level, including profiling?</p>



<a name="199123021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/199123021" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#199123021">(May 29 2020 at 07:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll reach out to <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192477">@Thor Schliemann</span> to see how far he has come</p>



<a name="199451674"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%237%20-%20May%202020/near/199451674" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.237.20-.20May.202020.html#199451674">(Jun 02 2020 at 05:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Updated yesterday, summary from Finland is being worked on, not ready yet.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
