---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - Call #11 · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.2311.html">Nordics on FHIR - Call #11</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="213255950"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%2311/near/213255950" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.2311.html#213255950">(Oct 14 2020 at 07:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>Time: 2020-11-04 09.00-10.00 CET<br>
Skype meeting: <a href="https://meet.ehelse.no/espen.stranger.seland/N8PW35W7">https://meet.ehelse.no/espen.stranger.seland/N8PW35W7</a></p>



<a name="215553526"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Call%20%2311/near/215553526" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Thomas Tveit Rosenlund <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Call.20.2311.html#215553526">(Nov 04 2020 at 08:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Possible topics for meeting #12</p>
<ul>
<li>Terminology server/architecture</li>
<li>IPS - IPA architecture and how to make these standards in cooperation to achieve semantic interoperability</li>
<li>Common Nordic push to develop the IPA</li>
</ul>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
