---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Nordics on FHIR - Next call · nordics"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/index.html">nordics</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html">Nordics on FHIR - Next call</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="225467579"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/225467579" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#225467579">(Feb 07 2021 at 15:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Congratulations to MedCom and Denmark for the new core profile set. Could this be presented in our first (late) call for 2021? <br>
<span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191427">@Jens Villadsen</span></p>



<a name="225467630"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/225467630" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#225467630">(Feb 07 2021 at 15:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sure</p>



<a name="237461038"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/237461038" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#237461038">(May 05 2021 at 08:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> will you schedule a call for next week? I'm occupied in the morning but would be available from 10.30 CET.</p>



<a name="237461167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/237461167" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#237461167">(May 05 2021 at 08:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>In addition to IPA, I'd be interested in hearing from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span> about this: <a href="#narrow/stream/179199-devices/topic/Vendor.20support.20for.20FHIR.20PoCG/near/236517937">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179199-devices/topic/Vendor.20support.20for.20FHIR.20PoCG/near/236517937</a>.</p>



<a name="237649319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/237649319" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Petter Wolff <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#237649319">(May 06 2021 at 12:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd be happy to join the call <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> if you set one up!</p>



<a name="237651966"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/237651966" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#237651966">(May 06 2021 at 12:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>If there is time on the agenda I am happy to introduce our work<br>
 on medical device integration.</p>



<a name="238141911"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238141911" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238141911">(May 10 2021 at 13:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Or I can host it too. I set up a Teams meeting for Wednesday, from 10.30 to 11.30 CET.<br>
All: International Patient Access. Ensuring apps get a harmonized way to access health data through APIs. Cooperation with Netherlands?</p>
<p>Øyvind Aassve: medical device integration.</p>
<hr>
<p>Microsoft Teams meeting<br>
Join on your computer or mobile app<br>
Click here to join the meeting: <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_N2U0NjlkNzEtZDBhNS00YmE3LTlmZTMtNDE5OGE1NjlhMTBk%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%22ca4ef9a8-6017-4d6f-b345-ed904be37123%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%225f7c049e-16dc-4481-bfb3-ff79b4f28d4e%22%7d">https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_N2U0NjlkNzEtZDBhNS00YmE3LTlmZTMtNDE5OGE1NjlhMTBk%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%22ca4ef9a8-6017-4d6f-b345-ed904be37123%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%225f7c049e-16dc-4481-bfb3-ff79b4f28d4e%22%7d</a></p>
<hr>



<a name="238142030"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238142030" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238142030">(May 10 2021 at 13:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ping <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="216844">@Herko Coomans</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194313">@Petter Wolff</span></p>



<a name="238142182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238142182" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238142182">(May 10 2021 at 13:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>All, let me know if you'd like to get a calendar invite.</p>



<a name="238142329"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238142329" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238142329">(May 10 2021 at 13:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's also OK to postpone this to June, if people prefer. Just let me know.</p>



<a name="238144405"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238144405" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Herko Coomans <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238144405">(May 10 2021 at 13:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Dear all,</p>
<p>This week I’m trying to get some vacation. So I’m not available for a call.</p>
<p>Met vriendelijke groet, warm regards and stay safe,</p>
<p>Herko Coomans</p>
<p>Coordinator Internationale Digitale Zorg<br>
International Digital Health Coordinator</p>
<p>Ministerie van Volksgezondheid, Welzijn en Sport / Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport of The Netherlands | Directie Informatiebeleid/CIO | Department of Health Information Policy/Chief Information Office |<br>
Bezoekadres/Visiting: De Resident | Parnassusplein 5 | 2511 XV | Den Haag/The Hague | ID verplicht/ID required |<br>
Postadres/Mail: Postbus/POBox 20350 | 2500 EJ | Den Haag/The Hague | The Netherlands<br>
(m) +31 (0)6 - 18 30 78 12&lt;tel:+31%206%20-%2018%2030%2078%2012&gt; | (e) h.coomans@minvws.nl&lt;mailto:<a href="mailto:h.coomans@minvws.nl">h.coomans@minvws.nl</a>&gt; | <a href="mailto:di-internationaal@minvws.nl">di-internationaal@minvws.nl</a></p>



<a name="238176874"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238176874" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238176874">(May 10 2021 at 17:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi! I’m in, but we could postpone to get more people on board - I know a couple that are very interested, but are busy on Wednesday.</p>



<a name="238208061"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238208061" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238208061">(May 10 2021 at 20:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK, probably better to do the IPA part properly in June then? June 3?</p>



<a name="238208181"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238208181" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238208181">(May 10 2021 at 20:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>And we could still have a call this Wednesday. I'm interested to learn about the medical device integration.</p>



<a name="238219407"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238219407" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238219407">(May 10 2021 at 22:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not exactly part of this group, but I would be interested in hearing about what is happening (or what you are hoping to happen) with any work you are doing with IPA.  If any of it might be in English, I could think about joining (even at 10:30 CEST).</p>



<a name="238385380"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238385380" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238385380">(May 11 2021 at 21:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> our _lingua franca_ in the Nordics is most often English, especially when Finns are involved. All discussions in this group have been in English so far. You're most welcome to join!</p>



<a name="238387678"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/238387678" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#238387678">(May 11 2021 at 21:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192917">@Mikael Rinnetmäki</span> I will do my best to join - but don't necessarily count on me being awake. :)</p>



<a name="241113965"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241113965" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241113965">(Jun 02 2021 at 07:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Apologies I wasn't able to participate today. Did you agree on a next meeting?</p>



<a name="241113993"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241113993" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Thomas Tveit Rosenlund <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241113993">(Jun 02 2021 at 07:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not totally shure the 09-10 on wednesdays is not the best for me.</p>



<a name="241119956"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241119956" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241119956">(Jun 02 2021 at 08:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>We postponed one week. Hope that work.</p>



<a name="241129870"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241129870" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Thomas Tveit Rosenlund <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241129870">(Jun 02 2021 at 10:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Every wednesday :-)</p>



<a name="241138117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241138117" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241138117">(Jun 02 2021 at 11:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I missed getting the repeat of this meeting on my calendar since I joined on 12 May (the last 2 weeks were the Connectathon and WGM).  I had the time as 10:30 - 11:30 CEST.  Is that still correct (or is it 9:00 - 10:00)?  And it is weekly?</p>



<a name="241349205"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241349205" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241349205">(Jun 03 2021 at 05:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi Rob <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> , we normally meet once a month - the first Wednesday from 0900-1000 CET. We postponed the June meeting til the 9th. Should I send you invitation with Skype-link? Cheers</p>



<a name="241382702"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241382702" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241382702">(Jun 03 2021 at 12:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span>.  Yes, send me the invite and I can try to either stay up or get up for it.  Although I am presenting at DevDays on Wednesday afternoon next week, so I'll need to see if that is going to work for this time. :)</p>



<a name="241389280"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241389280" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241389280">(Jun 03 2021 at 13:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> that is definitly some uncomfortable hours from your side. I will send you the invite, but maybe it is better that we plan either a speical meeting or plan the next regular meeting in the late afternoon CET?  If you do not make it, we will try to make a plan for that at the meetng.</p>



<a name="241430451"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241430451" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241430451">(Jun 03 2021 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, Øyvind.  I don't mind joining at odd hours for me occasionally (of course doing it on the same day that I will be presenting later may be another matter).  I wouldn't expect the group to change the hours to specifically accomodate me - but I'm interested in keeping up with your discussions and progress, however is the best way to do that.</p>



<a name="241458727"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241458727" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241458727">(Jun 03 2021 at 21:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not just for you <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span>, the current time also does not suit <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192856">@Thomas Tveit Rosenlund</span>, for instance. I think we need to find another time anyway, and moving it to late afternoon would  certainly be an option.</p>



<a name="241459023"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241459023" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241459023">(Jun 03 2021 at 21:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I personally don't have any fixed recurring meetings between 1 PM and 4 PM CET in the near future. I do have plenty of one-offs, though.</p>



<a name="241459115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241459115" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241459115">(Jun 03 2021 at 21:39)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192856">@Thomas Tveit Rosenlund</span> would you care to suggest a day and time that would suit you? Or should we organize a Doodle?</p>



<a name="241497325"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241497325" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Thomas Tveit Rosenlund <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241497325">(Jun 04 2021 at 06:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Wednesday 14-15 would suit me fine. Don't know about <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span>?</p>



<a name="241497531"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241497531" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241497531">(Jun 04 2021 at 07:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>14-15 is ok for me both next Wednesday and as a recurring meeting. If we plan to change the recurring meeting time, maybe it is good to do a Doodle?</p>



<a name="241509913"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241509913" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241509913">(Jun 04 2021 at 09:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Wed 9th 14-15 CET works for me.</p>
<p>Doodle for new recurring meetings time over the summer is a good idea.</p>



<a name="241513955"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241513955" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241513955">(Jun 04 2021 at 10:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>Im attending conference that day, so I would actually prefer after 1930 CET</p>



<a name="241949619"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241949619" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241949619">(Jun 08 2021 at 16:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>So is there a meeting tomorrow?  And if so, what time?</p>



<a name="241971422"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241971422" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241971422">(Jun 08 2021 at 19:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span>  Meeting at 9 AM CET -  (I hope you received outlook-invitation)?<br>
 -</p>



<a name="241971845"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241971845" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241971845">(Jun 08 2021 at 19:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span>.  Yes, I did get the invite and it's on the calendar - since there was some subsequent discussion I thought it would be best to verify it now rather than at 2:00 AM. :)</p>



<a name="241972067"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241972067" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241972067">(Jun 08 2021 at 19:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'll have to see if I can make it.  I'm really not quite sure if I can this time, with DevDays and my presentation tomorrow.</p>



<a name="241978509"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/241978509" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#241978509">(Jun 08 2021 at 20:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>That is understandable. If not, we will invite you to the next meeting which will I expect will be late afternoon CET</p>



<a name="242043228"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242043228" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242043228">(Jun 09 2021 at 10:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi all!</p>
<p>I created a doodle for scheduling our future calls.</p>
<p>I set the voting options for week from June 21 to June 25, but it is meant to be an overall survey for scheduled monthly calls. So please ignore the fact Friday that week is the midsummer eve, and indicate whether a time on Friday would be generally good, going forward.</p>
<p>Have your say at <a href="https://doodle.com/poll/r57cf7wu4qxdxuar">https://doodle.com/poll/r57cf7wu4qxdxuar</a></p>



<a name="242077302"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242077302" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242077302">(Jun 09 2021 at 14:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ping <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192856">@Thomas Tveit Rosenlund</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191427">@Jens Villadsen</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="194313">@Petter Wolff</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192163">@Michael Johansen</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192558">@Mika Tuomainen</span>  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192710">@Kenneth Myhra</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193182">@Emmeli Gross</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191563">@Oskar Thunman</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191756">@Viktor Jernelöv</span></p>



<a name="242083342"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242083342" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michael Johansen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242083342">(Jun 09 2021 at 15:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I had to answer the doodle with the actual possible timeslots during week 25. Never have two similar weeks. In week 25 wednesday is all booked, but this is not normally the case. I took the liberty to make two responses - one for week 25, and one in general</p>



<a name="242715024"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242715024" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242715024">(Jun 15 2021 at 10:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for everyone who have entered their preferences in the Doodle so far. Currently the best option seems to be Thursday 9 am CET, followed closely by Monday 11 am or 2 pm CET. </p>
<p>Any arguments for or against any particular time slot, before we make our selection?</p>



<a name="242769615"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242769615" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242769615">(Jun 15 2021 at 17:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>You may be able to guess what I would say. 11 am CET is probably slightly friendlier for me than 9 am, and 2 pm is actually civilized. :)  But whatever is decided, I'm an outsider for the group.  If I want to and am able to join for a particular meeting I will make it work - whatever time it is.</p>



<a name="242889959"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/242889959" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#242889959">(Jun 16 2021 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Robs offer is a great one, so I vote for accomodating his participation as much as possible (read Thursday 2 pm).</p>



<a name="243577496"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243577496" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243577496">(Jun 22 2021 at 20:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Agreed.</p>
<p>Sorry for dropping the ball temporarily. Unfortunately I have a conflicting appointment this Thursday, but I can make it in the future. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192654">@Øyvind Aassve</span>, did you want to host the meetings in Teams? I can set it up too, if required.</p>



<a name="243577768"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243577768" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243577768">(Jun 22 2021 at 20:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Actually, <em>Monday</em> at 2 PM CEST seems to have more votes.</p>



<a name="243632194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243632194" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jens Villadsen <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243632194">(Jun 23 2021 at 10:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>... and while we're talking about IPS: <a href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/g7-health-ministers-meeting-june-2021-communique/g7-health-ministers-meeting-communique-oxford-4-june-2021#digital-health">https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/g7-health-ministers-meeting-june-2021-communique/g7-health-ministers-meeting-communique-oxford-4-june-2021#digital-health</a></p>



<a name="243637041"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243637041" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243637041">(Jun 23 2021 at 11:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, it's fantastic to see IPS mentioned there!</p>



<a name="243745583"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243745583" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243745583">(Jun 24 2021 at 06:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Go Monday <span aria-label="+1" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="+1">:+1:</span></p>



<a name="243749028"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243749028" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Øyvind Aassve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243749028">(Jun 24 2021 at 07:14)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192917">@Mikael Rinnetmäki</span> - I do not have Teams for now. For me ok, if you send invitations - if not <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192681">@Espen Stranger Seland</span> want to continue ...</p>



<a name="243751420"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/243751420" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mikael Rinnetmäki <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#243751420">(Jun 24 2021 at 07:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I created the call. See <a href="#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Monthly.20Teams.20call/near/243751398">https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Monthly.20Teams.20call/near/243751398</a>.</p>



<a name="250739353"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics%20on%20FHIR%20-%20Next%20call/near/250739353" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Espen Stranger Seland <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/194447-nordics/topic/Nordics.20on.20FHIR.20-.20Next.20call.html#250739353">(Aug 26 2021 at 08:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi - should we put up some topics for the meeting on August 30th?</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
