[
    {
        "content": "<p>hi all. We customarily have connectathon channels in skype. It would make most sense to move them here from now on - should we just do them in the implementers stream, or add a new connectathon stream? </p>",
        "id": 153824174,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1462216794
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I vote for  the main channel  ( see how little traffic workflow is getting)</p>",
        "id": 153824187,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1462220557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I second Eric's vote</p>",
        "id": 153824191,
        "sender_full_name": "Ron Shapiro",
        "timestamp": 1462221638
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The implementers channel is already noisy enough... Definitely these should be in their own stream(s)</p>",
        "id": 153824242,
        "sender_full_name": "James Agnew",
        "timestamp": 1462228814
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would agree a separate stream.  The conversation won't be of general implementer interest.  (Workflow is a design space, not an implementer space, so it's no real surprise the chat is as quiet as the list.)</p>",
        "id": 153824287,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1462230526
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>The main channel is noisy and that attracts who might not normally see the connectathon tracks.  I think this could garner more interest and exposure to the connectathons. which I believe is a good thing.    Maybe I'm not typical but I browse all the implementor streams.</p>",
        "id": 153824296,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1462240382
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>some of the connectathon streams already have an appropriate channel - cds-hooks, workflow, cda to fhir, argonaut (for DAF), ontology, v2 to FHIR</p>",
        "id": 153824304,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1462245890
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so all those connectathons streams should be a topic there. </p>",
        "id": 153824305,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1462245905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>others should be a topic in implementers, and if the volume proves a problem, we can change course</p>",
        "id": 153824306,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1462245926
    }
]