---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Definition of [Resource].identifier · committers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/index.html">committers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition.20of.20.5BResource.5D.2Eidentifier.html">Definition of [Resource].identifier</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153944559"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition%20of%20%5BResource%5D.identifier/near/153944559" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition.20of.20.5BResource.5D.2Eidentifier.html#153944559">(Mar 13 2018 at 23:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="*">@all</span> - task <a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=15095" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=15095">GF#15095</a> asks for all editors to review the definitions of all identifiers on resources to make sure that the definitions are clear in regards to the use of identifiers. The workflow pattern identifier definitions have been updated to serve as a template. Note this comment from the task:</p>
<p>"Will ask all editors to review their descriptive information for identifier and leverage the above content in their definitions, though they may further refine and give additional domain-specific guidance as appropriate."</p>



<a name="153944560"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition%20of%20%5BResource%5D.identifier/near/153944560" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition.20of.20.5BResource.5D.2Eidentifier.html#153944560">(Mar 13 2018 at 23:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I understand that this review probably won't happen today - I will check with FMG that revisions for this purpose will be possible at the end of QA as a QA issue</p>



<a name="153944820"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition%20of%20%5BResource%5D.identifier/near/153944820" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Definition.20of.20.5BResource.5D.2Eidentifier.html#153944820">(Mar 14 2018 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am really not clear what the action item is for me... Plus, Provenance and AuditEvent have dualing Identifier + Reference which I think is now redundant... but then these resources are not critical to success of the ballots... right?</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
