---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · STU3 Finalization · committers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/index.html">committers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html">STU3 Finalization</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153876749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876749" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876749">(Mar 15 2017 at 00:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, 28 hours left for any kind of substantiative change at all</p>



<a name="153876751"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876751" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876751">(Mar 15 2017 at 00:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are summary/modifier flags substantive?</p>



<a name="153876752"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876752" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876752">(Mar 15 2017 at 00:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="153876753"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876753" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876753">(Mar 15 2017 at 00:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>my R3 todo list is finally empty </p>



<a name="153876766"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876766" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876766">(Mar 15 2017 at 00:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>reminder of deadlines:<br>
end of 15th (in EST timezone): <br>
  - no more substantiative changes (including no more changes to examples)<br>
  - changes to spelling/grammar/module pages still allowed<br>
end of 21st: complete freeze<br>
  - no changes of any sort except by me, until I fork R3 off the trunk<br>
around about 22nd: lift the freeze once R3 is forked</p>



<a name="153876776"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876776" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876776">(Mar 15 2017 at 01:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Clarification - that's 28 hours left for both substantive changes *AND* examples.  After that, only descriptive changes and mappings are permitted.</p>



<a name="153876797"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876797" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876797">(Mar 15 2017 at 02:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>From this point forward, there's no need to make patches anymore - just commit changes directly (though if they're substantive changes you'll need FMG permission)</p>



<a name="153876986"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876986" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876986">(Mar 15 2017 at 17:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>Reviewing summary flags, I see that the "description" element of the MetadataResource is not marked as summary. Shouldn't it be?</p>



<a name="153876987"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876987" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876987">(Mar 15 2017 at 17:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's summary for all the knowledge resources, what about the conformance ones?</p>



<a name="153876998"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153876998" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153876998">(Mar 15 2017 at 18:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's borderline - it can be pretty big - a few pages of content, so not ideal for lists.  On the other hand, it's pretty useful in verifying "is this what I want".  Consistency would be good, but I'm not sure which way to go.</p>



<a name="153877329"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877329" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877329">(Mar 16 2017 at 04:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Last Call for substantiative changes.... I know of a commit coming from Lloyd, and from Brian, and Lloyd has to fix the build.... </p>



<a name="153877330"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877330" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877330">(Mar 16 2017 at 04:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>there's about 30 minutes left</p>



<a name="153877340"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877340" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877340">(Mar 16 2017 at 04:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>My commits are in.</p>



<a name="153877341"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877341" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877341">(Mar 16 2017 at 04:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>



<a name="153877380"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877380" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877380">(Mar 16 2017 at 06:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok. well, after a rather messy close out process, substantiative freeze is now on. Only changes possible now are spelling, grammar, and module pages. Anything else needs to be discussed with me</p>



<a name="153877426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877426" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877426">(Mar 16 2017 at 11:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok. I've upgraded the trunk to version 3.0.0, which is what the FHIR Release 3 version is going to be</p>



<a name="153877427"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877427" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877427">(Mar 16 2017 at 11:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>reference implementation maintainers etc have a few days to synchronise on this. </p>



<a name="153877428"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877428" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877428">(Mar 16 2017 at 11:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will announce any substantiative changes that I cannot avoid here on this topic until Mar 20th. Then there just won't be any changes</p>



<a name="153877522"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877522" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877522">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>What will the base be for STU3    its ( <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir">http://hl7.org/fhir</a>)  for DSTU2  ?  </p>



<a name="153877523"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877523" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877523">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>it will replace DSTU2 at <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir">http://hl7.org/fhir</a></p>



<a name="153877524"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877524" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877524">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>DSTU2 will still be available at <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2">http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2</a></p>



<a name="153877525"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877525" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877525">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>STU3 will also be published at <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3" target="_blank" title="http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3">http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3</a></p>



<a name="153877526"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877526" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877526">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>OK my DSTU2 IGs will all point to the wrong version.  I'll need to make a technical correction and remember that for STU3</p>



<a name="153877528"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877528" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877528">(Mar 16 2017 at 19:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm sure I 'm not the only one who did that.  I'll update everyone on the implementers channel.</p>



<a name="153877743"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877743" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877743">(Mar 17 2017 at 13:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>It is a good thing. As one does need to adjust your implementation since DSTU2 and STU3 are not directly compatible. So IHE explicitly points at a specific version, and explains to the audience when the change will happen. IHE is starting the change over to STU3, yet must lag so therefore the EU IHE Connectathon will still be using DSTU2.</p>



<a name="153877868"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877868" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877868">(Mar 17 2017 at 20:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just double-checking, we're okay to make mapping changes still?</p>



<a name="153877869"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153877869" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153877869">(Mar 17 2017 at 20:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="153878072"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878072" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878072">(Mar 19 2017 at 06:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>Editors: I see STU notes in the following places:</p>
<p>AllergyIntolerance<br>
Appointment<br>
CarePlan<br>
ClinicalImpression<br>
Composition<br>
Condition<br>
DataElement<br>
Patient<br>
+ workflow page</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191403">@Michelle (Moseman) Miller</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191367">@Brian Postlethwaite</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191407">@Rick Geimer</span> can you please revirew, and from now on until freeze, if you add or delete any of these notes, please tell me immediately, or update the page todo.html which registers them all</p>



<a name="153878073"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878073" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878073">(Mar 19 2017 at 07:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>DataElement one is up-to-date.</p>



<a name="153878074"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878074" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878074">(Mar 19 2017 at 07:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Clinical Reasoning has several in the developmental roadmap section, they're not marked as an STU note though.</p>



<a name="153878076"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878076" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878076">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>pldase mark them using this as a template:</p>



<a name="153878077"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878077" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878077">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:18)</a>:</h4>
<div class="codehilite"><pre>&lt;a name=&quot;[xxxx]&quot;&gt; &lt;/a&gt;
&lt;blockquote class=&quot;stu-note&quot;&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
&lt;b&gt;STU Note:&lt;/b&gt; [text].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
Feedback is welcome &lt;a href=&quot;http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=FHIR_Specification_Feedback_(STU_3)&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</pre></div>



<a name="153878078"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878078" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878078">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>you can replace the URL if you have a place you'd rather have feedback go ot</p>



<a name="153878079"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878079" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878079">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>some are more complex than simple text - have lists. so that bit is flexible</p>



<a name="153878081"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878081" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878081">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Done and linked on the todo.html page</p>



<a name="153878082"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878082" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878082">(Mar 19 2017 at 08:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks</p>



<a name="153878093"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878093" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878093">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>There's a Planned Change section in QuestionnaireResponse requesting ballot feedback. Should that be updated to STU feedback?</p>



<a name="153878095"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878095" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878095">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Actually, it should be stripped as it's been done.  I'll update.</p>



<a name="153878100"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878100" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bryn Rhodes <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878100">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>(y)</p>



<a name="153878103"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878103" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878103">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are the patch files sent in over the last couple of weeks not going to be applied?</p>



<a name="153878104"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878104" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878104">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>umm. they should have been</p>



<a name="153878105"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878105" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878105">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>if they haven't, that would be due to a communication break-down between Lloyd and I but I thought they all had been</p>



<a name="153878106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878106" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878106">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>so what hasn't been applied?</p>



<a name="153878108"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878108" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878108">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>GF12919.patch; PK_mappingSpaces.xml.patch; and claim_2.patch</p>



<a name="153878109"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878109" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878109">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>are any of these substantiative?</p>



<a name="153878110"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878110" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878110">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>yup that's why they are patches. GF12919 changes element name and binding strength for an element in each of Claim and ExplanationOfBenefit. I don't think there is anything substantive on the others but they are dependent on the first one being applied.</p>



<a name="153878111"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878111" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878111">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>who did you send them to? I don't see them in my email?</p>



<a name="153878112"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878112" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878112">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>To you on the 8th, 9th and 15th respectively.</p>



<a name="153878113"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878113" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878113">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm in my mail, I can only find one thread, "FM-QA Patch File" - I can't see anything else from you about pathces</p>



<a name="153878114"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878114" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878114">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>that will be why I have no memory of them</p>



<a name="153878115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878115" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878115">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>so. how important are these? how big a problem is this?</p>



<a name="153878116"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878116" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878116">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>and why they haven't been applied, I have resent, they need to be applied in the order above.</p>



<a name="153878117"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878117" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878117">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have them this time</p>



<a name="153878119"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878119" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878119">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>crap they went into spam</p>



<a name="153878120"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878120" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878120">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>spam! (shaking of fist)</p>



<a name="153878121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878121" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878121">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>I have them all now</p>



<a name="153878122"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878122" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878122">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>but that's what happened. gmail spammed them</p>



<a name="153878123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878123" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878123">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>so, as I said, how big a problem is this?</p>



<a name="153878124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878124" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878124">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>We can live without - it will mean that the identical element in two resources will be different. But people can agree to pre-adopt the changes as shown in what will then be the current build. For the mapping and examples we can direct them to the current build.</p>



<a name="153878126"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878126" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878126">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are we not showing the Workflow mapping anymore? They are not there on Claim although they are on the spreadsheet.</p>



<a name="153878127"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878127" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878127">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Looks like it got lost somehow.  Let me check</p>



<a name="153878128"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878128" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878128">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>The mapping space is still there correctly.  Not sure why they're not rendering.  <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> - any thoughts?  I checked Task and they're not showing up there either.  They used to.</p>



<a name="153878132"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878132" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878132">(Mar 19 2017 at 09:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Note: the element name change is to change resourceType to resource - so the json framework people might consider that a priority change.</p>



<a name="153878137"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878137" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878137">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I changed the mapping renderer to observe the     &lt;publish&gt;false&lt;/publish&gt; in the mappingSpaces.xml </p>



<a name="153878138"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878138" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878138">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>which means that no &lt;publish&gt; instructions probably means, don't publish</p>



<a name="153878139"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878139" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878139">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:05)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191430">@Paul Knapp</span> make all the documentation changes as much as you can - just commit them directly </p>



<a name="153878140"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878140" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878140">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>with regard to the name change.... we have to decide whether to take that to FMG looking for a decision to allow the substantiative change or not. </p>



<a name="153878141"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878141" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878141">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>we already declined on request, though we said that if we had to make changes for another reason we'd make it too</p>



<a name="153878142"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878142" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878142">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>substantiatve changes are definitely getting harder... </p>



<a name="153878143"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878143" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878143">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I'm keen not to, but we will if it's justified </p>



<a name="153878144"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878144" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878144">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>not sure this one is that </p>



<a name="153878145"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878145" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878145">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>if I track correctly - there's not a big drive for the change from domain pov, more for the reference implemetations. But for them, it wasn't insoluable. </p>



<a name="153878146"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878146" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878146">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>not understanding the above. The change was already approved at FMG.</p>



<a name="153878147"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878147" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878147">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>is that a correct summary? or is there more to it than that?</p>



<a name="153878148"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878148" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878148">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, it was approved, but that was before the substantiative freeze. </p>



<a name="153878149"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878149" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878149">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>we haven't formally said that FMG has to approve changes after the substantiatve freeze, (whether or not they were already approved), but I'm not willing to make a decision on this on my own with out consulting them</p>



<a name="153878150"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878150" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878150">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>as I said, we can life without it, we will point to the current build for anything not allowed into the Release 3.</p>



<a name="153878151"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878151" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878151">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>this allows something valid? is that the binding change?</p>



<a name="153878152"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878152" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878152">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>what's the nature of the binding change?</p>



<a name="153878154"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878154" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878154">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>making the binding the same for both uses at extensible, currently it is example in one and required in the other.</p>



<a name="153878155"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878155" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878155">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Obviously we'd like the resources to be complete and consistent. That being said are we more important than all other concerns, no. Its a judgement call.</p>



<a name="153878156"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878156" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878156">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think you are leaning to not making it </p>



<a name="153878158"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878158" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878158">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>right, because we can apply currently known fixes to the current build then point people to the version we will freeze in a month for the May connectathon.</p>



<a name="153878159"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878159" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878159">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:25)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> Lots of the mappings didn't declare "publish", but I suspect most, if not all of them were intended to publish.  I'm going to leave w5 turned off because that shows up elsewhere.  Any reason I shouldn't turn the rest on?</p>



<a name="153878160"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878160" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878160">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>not object implementation mappings </p>



<a name="153878161"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878161" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878161">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>Paul, your solution seems... temporary.... and that it would degrade....</p>



<a name="153878162"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878162" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878162">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>which is the required binding that would change?</p>



<a name="153878167"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878167" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878167">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Which solution would degrade? I'm proposing we apply the fix in R4 - that solution or that the list of resources needs to be able to change over time?</p>



<a name="153878168"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878168" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878168">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>we can fix it in R4, but it's not something you pre-adopt without getting all the other R4 changes...</p>



<a name="153878169"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878169" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878169">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm leaning towards making the binding change - which elements are we talking about?</p>



<a name="153878170"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878170" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878170">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you were to change ExplanationOfBenefit.payee.resourceType to Coding with the binding 'example' then it would at least match claim and be implementatble.</p>



<a name="153878171"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878171" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878171">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>oh this change </p>



<a name="153878172"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878172" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878172">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>or you could change the binding in EOB and Claim to extensible.</p>



<a name="153878173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878173" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878173">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>what a mess those are - they should be codes bound to value sets on the ResourceType code system</p>



<a name="153878174"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878174" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878174">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>with required bindings </p>



<a name="153878176"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878176" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878176">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think we'll leave all that to R4</p>



<a name="153878177"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878177" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878177">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>id be good with that change as well.</p>



<a name="153878181"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878181" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878181">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>agree that we should use a central resource valueset, but time ran out.</p>



<a name="153878182"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878182" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878182">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok R4 it is. we'll sort that out then</p>



<a name="153878183"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878183" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878183">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>again, my apologies for missing this in my email </p>



<a name="153878184"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878184" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878184">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>and if we add that element to the reference data type then we don't need it in these resources at all.</p>



<a name="153878185"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878185" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878185">(Mar 19 2017 at 10:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>don't hold your breath for that change. we took it out after much argument, and there's been hardly any discussion about it since then</p>



<a name="153878190"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878190" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878190">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>would it be too much to change the data type on EOB from CodeableConcept to Coding so at least the data types matched?</p>



<a name="153878191"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878191" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878191">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>That seems like it's going the wrong direction</p>



<a name="153878192"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878192" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878192">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>What you think it should be CodeableConcept? What translations are there for resource names?</p>



<a name="153878194"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878194" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878194">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'd prefer an external codeset which is updated as resources are added to FHIR in which case the element should be a code with a required binding to a valueset which contains that codeset.</p>



<a name="153878195"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878195" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878195">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>If it's resource names, then it'd be code</p>



<a name="153878196"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878196" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878196">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Because only HL7 can define them</p>



<a name="153878198"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878198" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878198">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>there's too many issues here. we aren't going to come to a good agreement and so we'll defer all this to next time. </p>



<a name="153878199"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878199" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878199">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, although we have all agreed with what you wrote "Grahame Grieve: what a mess those are - they should be codes bound to value sets on the ResourceType code system<br>
Grahame Grieve: with required bindings"</p>



<a name="153878200"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878200" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Paul Knapp <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878200">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>if the reference data type isn't changing that I expect that is exactly where we will go.</p>



<a name="153878201"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878201" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878201">(Mar 19 2017 at 11:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok</p>



<a name="153878207"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878207" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878207">(Mar 19 2017 at 12:41)</a>:</h4>
<ul>
<li>CarePlan -- <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> - I don't see CarePlan listed on the todo.html, nor do I see a note on the resource page.  </li>
<li>Clinical Impression -- I think the clinical impression note should remain since the resource is draft.  </li>
<li>AllergyIntolerance (certainty) -- The allergy certainty note needs to be tweaked, but it won't change the todo summary.  </li>
<li>AllergyIntolerance (No Known) --  Personally, I'd like to delete it, but I think we need to leave it in since we updated the note with a 3rd possible way (extension), which is new to STU3.  My preferred method is still using the code element- not the new extension or List empty reason.</li>
<li>Condition (No Known) -- We didn't explicitly discuss deleting this in Patient Care, but personally, I don't mind deleting it.   While we discussed using the code element is acceptable for No Known Problems (and updated the value set accordingly), do we want to close the door to getting more feedback on the topic?   <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> what is your opinion?</li>
</ul>
<p>In sum, I will tweak the wording of the AllergyIntolerance certainty note, without impact to the todo page.  The others will remain unless I hear otherwise (e.g. No Known Condition note can be deleted).</p>



<a name="153878260"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878260" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878260">(Mar 19 2017 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks. Careplan, I deleted because it had been rendered bogus by changes. It won't hurt to leave others there, I think</p>



<a name="153878270"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878270" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michelle (Moseman) Miller <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878270">(Mar 19 2017 at 19:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah, OK, thanks.  FYI - the AllergyIntolerance (certainty) tweak is done.</p>



<a name="153878274"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878274" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878274">(Mar 19 2017 at 20:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>so I have finished my edits on history.html and todo.html. Committers are welcome to review and suggest items to add to either page</p>



<a name="153878281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878281" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878281">(Mar 19 2017 at 21:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Would like to add something for the Observation lastn operation ok to add to todo.html?</p>



<a name="153878284"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878284" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878284">(Mar 19 2017 at 21:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes.</p>



<a name="153878287"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878287" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878287">(Mar 19 2017 at 22:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>hmm. I don't know how to add that..</p>



<a name="153878289"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878289" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878289">(Mar 19 2017 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>what text do you want to add?</p>



<a name="153878293"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878293" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878293">(Mar 19 2017 at 22:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>similar to  what PA had:  </p>
<p>"STU Note: This is the first draft of this operation and  we are seeking input from the implementer community on it and whether it should be extended to other resources such as DiagnosticReport.  This could be the subject of a future connectathon testing.</p>
<p>Feedback is sought here .</p>



<a name="153878294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878294" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878294">(Mar 19 2017 at 22:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>The stu note would go in Observation notes section</p>



<a name="153878295"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878295" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878295">(Mar 19 2017 at 22:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah ok, well you can just add it there. I thought you would want it on the operations page. Add it to the observations page directly - use the template above I posted for Byrn</p>



<a name="153878443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878443" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878443">(Mar 20 2017 at 04:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok, all, it's freeze time. </p>



<a name="153878445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878445" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878445">(Mar 20 2017 at 04:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>As of now, all changes are supposed to be committed, so I can start doing the final publication tasks. </p>



<a name="153878446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878446" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878446">(Mar 20 2017 at 04:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it turns out, there's a little more time, since I'm off doing something else for a few hours. </p>



<a name="153878447"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878447" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878447">(Mar 20 2017 at 04:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Lloyd can run the close out schedule for the nexst few hours, since he still has a few changes to make </p>



<a name="153878449"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878449" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878449">(Mar 20 2017 at 04:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>warning: we really will be closed after that</p>



<a name="153878685"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878685" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878685">(Mar 21 2017 at 01:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>QA issue for next time: deal with hard coded references to <a href="http://build.fhir.org" target="_blank" title="http://build.fhir.org">build.fhir.org</a></p>



<a name="153878763"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878763" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878763">(Mar 21 2017 at 15:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>maybe document using  some variable like  {{ site.data.fhir.path }}?</p>



<a name="153878779"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878779" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878779">(Mar 21 2017 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>there already is one but it only works in the html files. </p>



<a name="153878780"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878780" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878780">(Mar 21 2017 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>not that editors are using it anyway</p>



<a name="153878781"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3%20Finalization/near/153878781" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/STU3.20Finalization.html#153878781">(Mar 21 2017 at 15:32)</a>:</h4>
<p>but it's being used in more places than that </p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
