---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Town Hall meeting · committers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/index.html">committers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html">Town Hall meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153923882"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153923882" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153923882">(Dec 09 2017 at 06:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would like to hold a committers town hall meeting while we are in New Orleans. The main subject of the town hall meeting will be svn --&gt; GIT. I don't know whether we will have made the transition before then - we are supposed to - or we will still be working on it. But whether we have or not, we will be discussing new procedures, integrations etc - both describing decided things, and deciding other things.</p>
<p>Attendance is, well, not exactly mandatory, but if you want to retain commit rights, you either need to attend the town hall, or nominate a delegate who is responsible for reporting the outcomes to you (e.g. so you learn about changed procedures).</p>
<p>If you don't commit to the main FHIR svn, but you maintain a FHIR IG (or will), you should also attend.</p>
<p>Finding a time in New Orleans will be difficult, I know. With that in mind, please fill out this doodle: </p>
<p><a href="https://doodle.com/poll/f5ndydpt5rh4pyrq" target="_blank" title="https://doodle.com/poll/f5ndydpt5rh4pyrq">https://doodle.com/poll/f5ndydpt5rh4pyrq</a></p>



<a name="153923887"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153923887" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brian Postlethwaite <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153923887">(Dec 09 2017 at 09:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Should I be looking at this in US/Central timezone to see the correct local times as they will be? (just checking)</p>



<a name="153924000"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153924000" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153924000">(Dec 10 2017 at 06:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes</p>



<a name="153926011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153926011" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153926011">(Dec 18 2017 at 19:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>This will be Monday Lunch</p>



<a name="153926017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153926017" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153926017">(Dec 18 2017 at 19:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>it will be hosted by FMG</p>



<a name="153932964"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153932964" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153932964">(Jan 29 2018 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="*">@all</span> - reminder that lunch today is the committer's town hall meeting. Please join us at Parish once you have your lunch</p>



<a name="153932965"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153932965" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153932965">(Jan 29 2018 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>you are the target of the town hall meeting if you commit content to any HL7 FHIR repository, whether svn or github</p>



<a name="153932966"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town%20Hall%20meeting/near/153932966" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/Town.20Hall.20meeting.html#153932966">(Jan 29 2018 at 17:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>though we are principally interested in specification and IG editors</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
