---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · work flow changes · committers"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/index.html">committers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/work.20flow.20changes.html">work flow changes</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153908926"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/work%20flow%20changes/near/153908926" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/work.20flow.20changes.html#153908926">(Sep 18 2017 at 17:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I reviewed the workflow pattern <a href="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=File:FHIR_Workflow_Update_201709.pptx" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.hl7.org/index.php?title=File:FHIR_Workflow_Update_201709.pptx">changes powerpoint</a> from the WGM.</p>
<ul>
<li>Add Request.insurance as 0..* is still being triaged as far as I can tell.</li>
<li>the rest of the changes have been voted upon and  I am assuming the workgroups should review all these for the various resources and update them as needed so are ready by December?</li>
</ul>



<a name="153909358"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/work%20flow%20changes/near/153909358" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/work.20flow.20changes.html#153909358">(Sep 20 2017 at 16:21)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> Is that file complete? I only see 38 kb and 2 slides</p>



<a name="153909390"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/work%20flow%20changes/near/153909390" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/work.20flow.20changes.html#153909390">(Sep 20 2017 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>3 slides, but yes that's correct.</p>



<a name="153909391"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179165-committers/topic/work%20flow%20changes/near/153909391" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179165-committers/topic/work.20flow.20changes.html#153909391">(Sep 20 2017 at 17:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>There will be a couple of further changes discussed on our call today.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
