---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · &quot;Draft Proposal&quot; tab · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html">&quot;Draft Proposal&quot; tab</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="273560611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273560611" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273560611">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm trying to apply <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-19977">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-19977</a> in UTG. It's the first time going through the process and I'm hitting some blockers, although the documentation until this point is pretty excellent. I've managed to get on the <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Create+a+Proposal">Create a Proposal</a> until point 13. The related proposal ticket is <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-293">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-293</a>. Where can I find the "Draft Proposal"-tab? How do I move the ticket out of its current state?</p>



<a name="273561993"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273561993" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273561993">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also I'm not sure how to interpret this page for adjusting the version of the CodeSystem: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/Documented+Execution+of+UTG+Versioning">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/Documented+Execution+of+UTG+Versioning</a></p>



<a name="273562017"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562017" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562017">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span> . Did you request submitter permissions from the form linked on <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Vocabulary+Maintenance+at+HL7">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Vocabulary+Maintenance+at+HL7</a> yet? If you haven't done that then the option will not appear. </p>
<p>I also noticed that your ticket is a 'Pro Forma' ticket but based on the proposed changes I believe it should be a 'Change Request'. I don't want you to get too far and have to recreate the ticket due to this. You can always withdraw/abandon the ticket but you will need to wait until you have the correct Jira permissions.</p>



<a name="273562272"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562272" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562272">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am waiting for input from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> since he set the initial versions for the FHIR content in THO, but by UTG policy the version should be incremented to 1.0.0 because adding a concept is a major change.</p>



<a name="273562294"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562294" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562294">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Bota</span> I was able to submit the proposal so I thought that my account had sufficient rights, as documented here: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=91995465#GetAccesstoJiraUTGProposalProject-NotsureifyouhavepermissionstobeaSubmitter">https://confluence.hl7.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=91995465#GetAccesstoJiraUTGProposalProject-NotsureifyouhavepermissionstobeaSubmitter</a>?</p>
<p>Happy to go though the process if needed</p>



<a name="273562371"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562371" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562371">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>I don't follow why it would not be a "Pro Forma" ticket as FHIR-I has already voted on the issue?</p>



<a name="273562418"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562418" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562418">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>You can create a ticket without the proper permissions, but you won't have the right options, like 'draft a proposal'.</p>



<a name="273562426"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562426" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562426">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="196635">Jessica Bota</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab/near/273562272">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I am waiting for input from <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191316">Grahame Grieve</span> since he set the initial versions for the FHIR content in THO, but by UTG policy the version should be incremented to 1.0.0 because adding a concept is a major change.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>That's clear, thanks</p>



<a name="273562887"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562887" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562887">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>FHIR-I sponsored the proposal and approved it in that regard, but it still needs the community to vote. Pro Forma is meant to be used to fix technical errors with the content, or if it was approved via a ballot process, and isn't to be used for suggested changes to vocabulary objects.</p>



<a name="273562934"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273562934" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273562934">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've submitted an application to become a submitter</p>



<a name="273563087"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273563087" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273563087">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Great! It isn't an instant thing, but please follow up if you do not receive an email that your permissions are updated sometime tomorrow.</p>



<a name="273563124"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273563124" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273563124">(Feb 28 2022 at 22:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="196635">Jessica Bota</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab/near/273562887">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>FHIR-I sponsored the proposal and approved it in that regard, but it still needs the community to vote. Pro Forma is meant to be used to fix technical errors with the content, or if it was approved via a ballot process, and isn't to be used for suggested changes to vocabulary objects.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Ah ok! Will change the type accordingly, thanks.</p>



<a name="273572319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273572319" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273572319">(Mar 01 2022 at 00:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Shouldn't 'submitter' be available to everyone who's an HL7 trusted user?</p>



<a name="273574757"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/273574757" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ted Klein <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#273574757">(Mar 01 2022 at 00:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>Need Jira programming to make that happen; the UTG role permissions work differently than the regular Jira user types.</p>



<a name="274357775"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/274357775" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#274357775">(Mar 07 2022 at 07:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Bota</span> So far I haven't received any e-mail from JIRA or see any new functionality after logging in. Could you double-check that the new role has been assigned? Thanks for your help!</p>



<a name="274402951"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/274402951" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marc Duteau <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#274402951">(Mar 07 2022 at 14:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span>. We've been having some trouble getting the submitter/reviewer requests consistently sent to me for some reason. I've added you in as a submitter now so you should be good to go.</p>



<a name="274725596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/274725596" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#274725596">(Mar 09 2022 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span> sorry for the late reply. We checked and it looks like you have the correct permissions. </p>
<p>(Oops, just saw Marc's reply above. Thanks Marc!)</p>



<a name="275704497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/275704497" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#275704497">(Mar 17 2022 at 18:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for all the help so far. I've now submitted the changes. Am I, as the author of the changes, now responsible to find enough voters in order for the proposal to pass? Or this this managed differently?</p>



<a name="275706362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/275706362" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#275706362">(Mar 17 2022 at 18:32)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span>  Yes, encouraging people to review and vote on your proposal is typically something that you will need to do.</p>



<a name="276090072"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/276090072" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marc Duteau <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#276090072">(Mar 21 2022 at 17:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just want to make sure for UP-293: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Bota</span> we want it to be a change request instead of pro forma, right?  Also, does the fact the ticket was resolved over a year before the code system was migrated to THO impact that at all?  Don't know if we have an answer in terms of policies to the second question.</p>
<p>Assuming that we do need a change request ticket instead of a pro forma ticket <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="193430">@Alexander Zautke</span> will need to make a new ticket as a change request.  Once that's done I can handle the rest since I've got the branch that's ready to go to consensus review sitting on my local machine.</p>



<a name="276091171"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/276091171" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marc Duteau <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#276091171">(Mar 21 2022 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Chatted with Jess and she agreed that we do want it to be a change request ticket.  @**Alexander Zautke|193430 It's actually just as quick for me to make the ticket and copy the details over so I'll handle that.  Which means the new ticket will be in consensus review very shortly.</p>



<a name="276093476"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/276093476" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#276093476">(Mar 21 2022 at 18:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ups, sorry. Forgot about that. Someone mentioned it here in the thread. Thanks!</p>



<a name="276093572"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/276093572" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Zautke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#276093572">(Mar 21 2022 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>I found one more ticket that was voted on by FHIR-I. Will create a change request for that soon.</p>



<a name="276102136"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/%22Draft%20Proposal%22%20tab/near/276102136" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marc Duteau <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/.22Draft.20Proposal.22.20tab.html#276102136">(Mar 21 2022 at 19:28)</a>:</h4>
<p>The new ticket is UP-299 and it is now in consensus review. You'll need someone from the OSGVoters-FHIR group, the OSGVoters-Intl group and the OSGVoters-Voc group as well as needing 15 votes in total. (but each voter from an OSG group currently counts for 2 votes.)</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
