---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Connectathon Terminology Stream at San Antonio · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html">Connectathon Terminology Stream at San Antonio</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153854413"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854413" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854413">(Oct 26 2016 at 21:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>I expect that we'll want to continue with the terminology stream at San Antonio, yes? <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191343">@Michael Lawley</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191337">@Dion McMurtrie</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192018">@John Gresh</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span> </p>



<a name="153854416"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854416" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854416">(Oct 26 2016 at 21:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I presume it would be the same as last time with more focus on $lookup and also adding $compose after our discussion last time</p>



<a name="153854417"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854417" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854417">(Oct 26 2016 at 21:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>also for attention: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> - NLM will be involved this time? </p>



<a name="153854445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854445" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Alexander Henket <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854445">(Oct 26 2016 at 21:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>I may or not be ready for that. I'm building on as-needed basis, and demand is very narrow.</p>



<a name="153854464"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854464" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854464">(Oct 26 2016 at 21:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes - my plan is to continue<br>
agree with focus on new capabilities of $lookup and adding $compose<br>
I've been engaging with NLM each time since Paris, but I need to get with them earlier and work on getting them more substantially involved<br>
another goal I've had and want to see happen for San Antonio is to get the other tracks really engaging in utilizing the terminology services</p>



<a name="153854466"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854466" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Robert McClure <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854466">(Oct 26 2016 at 22:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span> I am confident that NLM will continue to provide a Terminology Service endpoint. Our ability to participate to a larger extent (I plan to attend as before) with technical improvements is dependent on our resource hunt.</p>



<a name="153854467"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854467" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854467">(Oct 26 2016 at 22:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, I'm sure they will.  We (I) need to advertise the NLM capabilities and promote it's use more on our end.</p>



<a name="153854468"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854468" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854468">(Oct 26 2016 at 22:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>Carol Macumber (just spoke to her) requested that we work harder on integration with other streams. Rob, do you want to reach out them and ask the leaders? </p>



<a name="153854469"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854469" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854469">(Oct 26 2016 at 22:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, Carol and I have talked about that.  That's what I'm intending to do (once I get back home).</p>



<a name="153854498"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854498" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Peter Jordan <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854498">(Oct 27 2016 at 03:52)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191370">@Richard Ettema</span> it would be good to have some tests for the new CodeSystem $lookup properties and the new CodeSystem $compose operation in Touchstone. Maybe starting with the examples in the spec?</p>



<a name="153854511"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon%20Terminology%20Stream%20at%20San%20Antonio/near/153854511" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Connectathon.20Terminology.20Stream.20at.20San.20Antonio.html#153854511">(Oct 27 2016 at 10:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>yes, though they'll develop as we work through things for each code system</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
