---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · GF#13869 · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html">GF#13869</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153937533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/153937533" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#153937533">(Feb 15 2018 at 01:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> - any progress with <a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13869" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13869">GF#13869</a>?</p>



<a name="153937559"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/153937559" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#153937559">(Feb 15 2018 at 02:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Melva and I just talked about that one today.  I'll take it on to go through and look at CP and plan to have something concrete that we can look at on the tracker issues call on Monday.</p>



<a name="153937562"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/153937562" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#153937562">(Feb 15 2018 at 02:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok thanks</p>



<a name="154008986"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154008986" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154008986">(Oct 15 2018 at 01:33)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13869" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13869">GF#13869</a> posits that we mine core principles for content for FHIR. I've worked on this, and we've had a lot of calls for this. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191320">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> can we close this one as done now?</p>



<a name="154008987"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154008987" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154008987">(Oct 15 2018 at 01:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>I really suspect we've gleaned all that we need at this point, so I'm inclined (strongly) to say yes on closing this one.  I don't know for sure if any of us have actually reviewed it again as thoroughly as we thought we wanted to, but practically I think we probably are done.</p>



<a name="154008990"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154008990" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154008990">(Oct 15 2018 at 01:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>In theory, I think we should do more.  In practice, I can't imagine having time to do anything with it for another 4-5 months - and it's entirely likely even then it would fall towards the bottom of the stack.  If someone finds the motivation and wants to do more, they certainly can, but I'm fine with closing the item</p>



<a name="154009011"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154009011" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154009011">(Oct 15 2018 at 05:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok great. that means that the only open task related to terminology content is to update the shareableValueset profile. I presume it should be based on VSD recommendations? Other than that... some cosmetic changes to the terminology module page.</p>



<a name="154009055"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154009055" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154009055">(Oct 15 2018 at 09:29)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, that sounds right.  Should base the profile on VSD recommendations.  I can work on the terminology module and other things - once I get through some of the SNOMED stuff for this week in Vancouver.</p>



<a name="154009072"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF%2313869/near/154009072" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/GF.2313869.html#154009072">(Oct 15 2018 at 12:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>ok great</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
