---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Madrid Planning · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html">Madrid Planning</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153880438"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880438" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880438">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Heads up on draft plans for Madrid meeting. Vocab committee has 2 sessions on FHIR<br>
- general FHIR issues<br>
- tooling planning</p>



<a name="153880439"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880439" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880439">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first session is our usual meeting. Proposed agenda:</p>



<a name="153880440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880440" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880440">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>- planning for R4 - sweep of scope, open issues, and maturity planning<br>
- start discussion around curation/approval/publication of code systems / value sets / concept maps<br>
- review selected value sets</p>



<a name="153880443"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880443" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880443">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>further comments:<br>
- R4: for R4, our main focus is to take the vocab parts normative. What's on our plate to do that?</p>
<p>- curation: where would HL7 publish code systems, value sets, and concept maps for the community? Who should take responsibility for this? </p>
<p>- value set review - we agreed to review some value sets that need vocabulary input. Suggestions welcome. Can be either FHIR, v2, v3,  or external value sets</p>



<a name="153880445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880445" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880445">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>the second session is for tooling planning. The overall proposal is that we'll replace all our current infrastructure for v2, v3, and FHIR with a single FHIR based tool chain - e.g. mastered in FHIR, exported to MIF and v2 formats. </p>



<a name="153880446"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880446" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880446">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>proposed agenda:</p>



<a name="153880447"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880447" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880447">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>- summary of where we are (Ted/Lloyd/Grahame)<br>
- definition of success (Ted)<br>
- strawman candidate for going forward (Grahame)</p>



<a name="153880448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid%20Planning/near/153880448" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Madrid.20Planning.html#153880448">(Mar 30 2017 at 19:27)</a>:</h4>
<p>both sessions timeboxed </p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
