---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · New block votes for July 19 Main WG FHIR vote call · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New.20block.20votes.20for.20July.2019.20Main.20WG.20FHIR.20vote.20call.html">New block votes for July 19 Main WG FHIR vote call</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153975378"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New%20block%20votes%20for%20July%2019%20Main%20WG%20FHIR%20vote%20call/near/153975378" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rob Hausam <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New.20block.20votes.20for.20July.2019.20Main.20WG.20FHIR.20vote.20call.html#153975378">(Jul 16 2018 at 06:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've added two new Vocabulary WG FHIR block votes (F and G).  We intend to vote on these two blocks on the special "FHIR vote" call this Thursday 7/19 from 3:00 - 4:00 PM Eastern.  I've also schedule the individual FHIR trackers that were pulled from the 2018-07-12 block vote, which we will address as time permits.  Tracker items are included from <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191405">@Rob Hausam</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191376">@Jim Steel</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191380">@Elliot Silver</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191328">@Ewout Kramer</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191926">@Joel Schneider</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191316">@Grahame Grieve</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192103">@Lin Zhang</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191364">@Peter Jordan</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195036">@Carol Macumber</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192121">@Geoff Low</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191343">@Michael Lawley</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191364">@Peter Jordan</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191401">@Eric Haas</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191944">@Russ Hamm</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192978">@Ramiro Villarreal</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191410">@Brett Marquard</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191913">@Kevin Power</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191676">@Lee Surprenant</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191506">@Yunwei Wang</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191436">@Stefan Lang</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191427">@Jens Villadsen</span>, Preston Lee, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192789">@Karl M. Davis</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195650">@Reuben Daniels</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191914">@Danielle Friend</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191682">@Richard Townley-O'Neill</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191375">@Alexander Henket</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192130">@Carmela Couderc</span>.  See the detailed agenda in the Confluence page <a href="http://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/2018-07-19+Vocab+WG+FHIR+Vote+Call+-+Proposed+Agenda" target="_blank" title="http://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/2018-07-19+Vocab+WG+FHIR+Vote+Call+-+Proposed+Agenda">here</a>.</p>



<a name="153975385"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New%20block%20votes%20for%20July%2019%20Main%20WG%20FHIR%20vote%20call/near/153975385" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Stefan Lang <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New.20block.20votes.20for.20July.2019.20Main.20WG.20FHIR.20vote.20call.html#153975385">(Jul 16 2018 at 07:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm fine with the resolution ( #13723 )</p>



<a name="153975444"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New%20block%20votes%20for%20July%2019%20Main%20WG%20FHIR%20vote%20call/near/153975444" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Elliot Silver <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/New.20block.20votes.20for.20July.2019.20Main.20WG.20FHIR.20vote.20call.html#153975444">(Jul 16 2018 at 13:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I support the resolution of <a href="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13122" target="_blank" title="http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=13122">GF#13122</a></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
