---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Process for adding a code to Consent PolicyRule ? · terminology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/index.html">terminology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html">Process for adding a code to Consent PolicyRule ?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="224208777"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224208777" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224208777">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>We would like to add a code to the  <a href="https://terminology.hl7.org/2.0.0/ValueSet-consent-policy.html">Consent PolicyRule Codes</a> ValueSet and CodeSystem for our swiss epr system (ch-epr) like there is a code for the austrian epr system (at-elga). Which process do we have to follow? Do we have to contact the Workgroup which is mentioned as the Committee  <a href="https://terminology.hl7.org/2.0.0/CodeSystem-consentpolicycodes.html">Community Based Collaborative Care</a> or is there another way?</p>



<a name="224209676"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224209676" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224209676">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192587">@David Pyke</span>  -- excellent question <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> .. I am confused too on the new terminology process...   </p>
<p>a more fundamental question I have is, why do you think your code needs to be managed in the hl7 terminology? Wouldn't regional codes be better managed in that region?  I do understand that data leaves regions, but when it leaves a policy decision/action is made about that leaving act.</p>



<a name="224210310"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210310" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210310">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:49)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> good point, it's is more a national code. however since our neighbours have it also inside i thought the code might better live there than to manage our own code system just for a simple code.</p>



<a name="224210488"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210488" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Frank Oemig <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210488">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>UTG!?</p>



<a name="224210521"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210521" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Pyke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210521">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, but how does one UTG?</p>



<a name="224210591"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210591" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> David Pyke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210591">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oliver, that codeset is Extensible, you can simply use your own code as needed</p>



<a name="224210609"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210609" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Frank Oemig <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210609">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>That's a process via confluence. Need to look for the URL</p>



<a name="224210729"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210729" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210729">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>so <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> that argues for us to have possibly a much more simple way for all the regions of the glob to register their consent policy identifiers... righ? To force them thru UTG seems heavy and a problem.</p>



<a name="224210788"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210788" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Frank Oemig <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210788">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Identifiers or codes?</p>



<a name="224210907"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210907" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210907">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>these policy codes/identifiers should be more strict than typical vocabulary in that they need to have pointers (narrative only?) to the meaning of the policy code/identifier.</p>



<a name="224210972"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224210972" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224210972">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="191549">Frank Oemig</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F/near/224210788">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Identifiers or codes?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>reality is that a code is a form of identifier...</p>



<a name="224211099"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224211099" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224211099">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>especially when the code is a representation of a regions regulation</p>



<a name="224211168"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224211168" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Frank Oemig <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224211168">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>No, a code is for concept, an identifier is an instance. But both belong to a system</p>



<a name="224211340"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224211340" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Frank Oemig <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224211340">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>The machinery around is similar</p>



<a name="224211673"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224211673" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224211673">(Jan 27 2021 at 16:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="192587">David Pyke</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F/near/224210591">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Oliver, that codeset is Extensible, you can simply use your own code as needed</p>
</blockquote>
<p>yes, that would be the other option if it cannot live in the hl7 terminology.</p>



<a name="224259256"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224259256" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Robert McClure <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224259256">(Jan 27 2021 at 22:41)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> I agree with you that UTG is the best solution so the code is easily found and utilized by all FHIR implementations. I understand that some folks think UTG is "heavyweight" but it's funny that no one complains that they have to craft FHIR IGs to make FHIR guides, yet the ground is wet with angst about using FHIR to create FHIR terminology. If you want to add the code, you can create a UTG proposal and it should move on through. <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Vocabulary+Maintenance+at+HL7">VOcab Maintenance at HL7</a> can get you up to speed. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Snell</span></p>



<a name="224320069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224320069" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224320069">(Jan 28 2021 at 12:42)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> thanks for this helpful information, I created the <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-163">proposal</a> and will install now the tooling to provide the code information.</p>



<a name="224335578"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224335578" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Carol Macumber <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224335578">(Jan 28 2021 at 14:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> , if you need assistance, please do reach out and the UTG team will help you get set up. We also appreciate any feedback you have on the process as we continue to note opportunities for improvement.</p>



<a name="224390911"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/224390911" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#224390911">(Jan 28 2021 at 20:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="195036">@Carol Macumber</span> .  The process is very nice documented, i had only a minor issue with the tooling (FHIR Toolkit does not startup on OSX) and the IGPublisher needed a bit more memory for the UTG than the default memory setting.</p>



<a name="232188943"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/232188943" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#232188943">(Mar 28 2021 at 19:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>our <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/projects/UP/issues/UP-163?filter=allopenissues">change proposal</a> for adding a new code to the Consent PolicyRule CodeSystem/ValueSet is blocked by <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UPSM-10">UPSM-10 Parameter Setting</a>. Is there anything we can do to "unblock" our change proposal? we have our swiss ballot almost through but I would not like to include not yet approved codes, so any feedback how we can proceed or what we need to further provide with our change proposal would be very helpful.</p>



<a name="233748444"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233748444" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Robert McClure <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233748444">(Apr 09 2021 at 00:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> I don't think you have set up a proposal yet have you? I don't see evidence in the proposal that you have created the changes. The "blocker" is not having created the actual technical material. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Snell</span></p>



<a name="233769061"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233769061" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Marc Duteau <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233769061">(Apr 09 2021 at 05:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Snell</span> can correct me if I’m wrong but that “blocker” is the way that the system for voting is managed as I understand it. Once the proposal is set up and submitted it will enter the consensus review stage and once it gets the votes it needs (including from the relevant OSG voters) it will pass and be “unblocked”.</p>



<a name="233773032"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233773032" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233773032">(Apr 09 2021 at 06:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> thank you for the feedback.  the <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-163">proposal</a> is setup and I made the changes in a branch as described in <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Submitting+Change+Proposals+for+Advanced+and+Experienced+IG+Developers">Submitting Change Proposals for Advanced and Experienced IG Developers</a>. What I did not yet do was to create a PullRequest for the branch to the master (it was not mentioned in the process above), I added this <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-163?devStatusDetailDialog=pullrequest">now</a>. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Snell</span> is there anything else I need to do that it gets to the consensus review stage as <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="311999">@Marc Duteau</span> mentioned?</p>



<a name="233819645"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233819645" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233819645">(Apr 09 2021 at 13:22)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> , to be honest I am not sure why/if the PullRequest is needed since I am not a developer. The pieces missing seem to be to commit the changes (I do not see one) and to 'Submit' the proposal using that button at the top of the proposal. Once that is done, it will be processed for Consensus Review. I took a quick look at your proposal and you should also increment the version number before submitting since adding a new code is a major change. That versioning policy is here for future reference: <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/Documented+Execution+of+UTG+Versioning">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VOC/Documented+Execution+of+UTG+Versioning</a><br>
CC: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="311999">@Marc Duteau</span></p>



<a name="233819948"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233819948" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jessica Bota <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233819948">(Apr 09 2021 at 13:24)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> another piece I missed above is the UPSM-10 'blocker'. This ticket is connected to allow us to apply voting parameters to the ticket. It is not actually a blocker. Perhaps we can change how that is represented.</p>



<a name="233825260"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/233825260" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#233825260">(Apr 09 2021 at 13:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="196635">@Jessica Snell</span> thanks a lot for the feedback! I missed clicking the 'Submit' proposal button. This is not described as a necessary step in <a href="https://confluence.hl7.org/display/VMAH/Create+a+Proposal">Create a Proposal</a>, could this be updated (I can also update it if you agree)? I updated the PR with a new version for the CodeSystem,  so I hope now the proposal can get to consensus review stage <span aria-label="pray" class="emoji emoji-1f64f" role="img" title="pray">:pray:</span></p>



<a name="234434001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234434001" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Robert McClure <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234434001">(Apr 14 2021 at 03:00)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191549">@Frank Oemig</span>  Please review and weigh in, and vote, for <a href="https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-163">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/UP-163</a></p>



<a name="234488359"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234488359" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234488359">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>I see the new code in the build.. but there is no provenance. the pull-request mentioned in the CR does not identify Oliver's changes</p>



<a name="234489561"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234489561" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234489561">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:31)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> you can see the PR <a href="https://bitbucket.hl7.org/projects/UTG/repos/utg/pull-requests/2/diff">here</a></p>



<a name="234489890"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234489890" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234489890">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>thanks, that shows you adding the code. The PR in the jira ticket does not.</p>



<a name="234490637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234490637" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Egger <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234490637">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>in the jira ticket you have on the right a column with a development entry, and then you can link on the open pr, click one more in the popup and in there in the diff tab you end up the link I added <span aria-label="grinning" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="grinning">:grinning:</span></p>



<a name="234492941"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234492941" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234492941">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did do that, but that did not show me the insertion of the code, just the changing of the date and version.</p>



<a name="234493106"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234493106" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234493106">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>ah, the key was Overview tab vs Diff tab</p>



<a name="234493122"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234493122" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234493122">(Apr 14 2021 at 12:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>bitbucket is not normal</p>



<a name="234494847"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234494847" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234494847">(Apr 14 2021 at 13:07)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191503">@Robert McClure</span> and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191982">@Ted Klein</span> should the history be added as part of the process? Or is this added later?</p>



<a name="234548025"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234548025" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ted Klein <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234548025">(Apr 14 2021 at 18:13)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191478">@Oliver Egger</span> The reason you see it blocked by UPSM-10 is that is part of the Jira 'plumbing' we use to do the voting displays, computations, and decisions to move the the next state.  All the code for this is driven from the parameters and settings and so forth in the UPSN-10 ticket.  That is normal; once this passes Consensus Review you will see it will become blocked by the set of ticket structures in UPSM to control the implementing of an approved proposal.   We probably need to document this better so folks who are very detail oriented like yourself do not get confused by what they see.</p>



<a name="234548875"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process%20for%20adding%20a%20code%20to%20Consent%20PolicyRule%20%3F/near/234548875" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ted Klein <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179202-terminology/topic/Process.20for.20adding.20a.20code.20to.20Consent.20PolicyRule.20.3F.html#234548875">(Apr 14 2021 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191404">@John Moehrke</span> This is GREAT feedback; we will put into our queue improvement in some of the detailed guidance so folk can easily find what they need to look up.    The history Provenance structure is added AFTER the proposal passes Consensus Review - during the implementation process.    It is not uncommon that some additional Provenance information needs adding based on the underlying source of truth having changed from implemented proposals while the one is question is in Consensus Review state.    Things are 'final' only after the vote is passed, and at that time the History tracking Provenance resource entry is added as part of the implementing into the ci build Git source of truth and updating of BitBucket master branch operations.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
