[
    {
        "content": "<p>The medication definition resources, and some others, have a large pink warning attached to them \"This resource is still undergoing development ... not suitable for production implementation\". </p>\n<p>This is in addition to them being FMM 0, so It seems these are really FMM level -1 :-)</p>\n<p>But now that a couple of these have made it to FMM 1, I propose that I remove their draft status. They are just as suitable/unsuitable for implementation as other level 1s I would say.</p>",
        "id": 172963807,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1565520379
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a clear agreement on these resources, especially around their use in anywhere but the regulatory submission?<br>\nThese resources seemed consensual for a narrow scope of use cases. I find it very comforting to have the notion of \"draft\" and the pink warning for now.</p>",
        "id": 172974416,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565540571
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(sorry Rik, but I think discussion is needed between BRR, Pharmacy and OO)<br>\nAlso I think this is one of the cases where committees will seek local optimisation, and then we are going to spend a lot of effort breaking down the carefully built boundaries, when we have to make prescriptions and medication lists out of these things</p>",
        "id": 172974486,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565540703
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Besides a \"big picture behind this\" which I am lacking, I do not understand how we can make it work in some cases.</p>",
        "id": 172974770,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565541339
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For example, when we need to define a product with a combination of attributes from different IDMP concept levels (e.g. package size and substance), how does this work? We let people define extensions?</p>",
        "id": 172974887,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565541562
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think these resources force boundaries that will not get the best response in the national scenes, and implementers will deviate. Which will not be good for pharmacovigilance (and there goes the goal of IDMP).</p>",
        "id": 172975007,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565541744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In openMedicine I was very much in favour of using IDMP as a reference model. IMP the only way is to make sure IDMP supports the variety of concepts out there, instead of enforcing a stricter model.</p>",
        "id": 172975070,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565541856
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry if this seems too critical - the concept mapping is actually very good work, and IDMP is a good starting point as a conceptual model. <br>\nI just think - perhaps contaminated by previous discussions - that we lack a common (cross-committee) medicinal product model, and we need to be able to create as many profiles of that common model as needed.<br>\nOr perhaps I just missed the discussions.</p>",
        "id": 172975196,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565542091
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi Jose. I think this is a little bit off topic for my question :-)  But to get into that, we have discussed this, at length, in all those workgroups, and on here. We have agreed, and voted, on the set of resources, and had it agreed (some of them at least) by FMG. And these are FMM level 1, so they are very much draft. Feel free to keep raising your concerns - you might want to be a bit more specific - and we can keep discussing them and getting to the answers. But I don't think this is the thread :-)</p>",
        "id": 172977082,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1565545451
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok thanks Rik. I am happy there is a consensus even if I do not see how this can work. But to your topic (yes, sorry i diverged). I, for one, think that in this case the pink ribbon is a good thing. Not so much as \"this is not ready\" but \"we actively seek feedback\". I think we need real implementations, and beyond regulatory space.</p>",
        "id": 172977226,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565545796
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If we mark things as not for implementation then they won't get implemented :-)</p>",
        "id": 172980729,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1565552546
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>:) sure. <br>\n\"not suitable for production implementation\" = \"go nuts, just avoid going to Prod with this before you and others give us feedback\"</p>",
        "id": 172981398,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1565553877
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we can remove that it. It was added by FMG for R4 publication purposes</p>",
        "id": 172983194,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1565557259
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks. The next question is how. I expected it to be the [draft-resources] section of fhir.ini, but editing that has no effect.</p>",
        "id": 172987426,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1565565201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll look into it</p>",
        "id": 173014086,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1565607519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> any idea on this one please? (\"This resource is still undergoing development...\")</p>",
        "id": 175135965,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1567853287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sure it's in the source of the intro.xml file</p>",
        "id": 175180628,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1567941189
    },
    {
        "content": "<div class=\"codehilite\"><pre><span></span><span class=\"nt\">&lt;blockquote</span> <span class=\"na\">class=</span><span class=\"s\">&quot;stu-note&quot;</span><span class=\"nt\">&gt;</span>\n  <span class=\"nt\">&lt;a</span> <span class=\"na\">name=</span><span class=\"s\">&quot;dstu&quot;</span><span class=\"nt\">/&gt;</span>\n<span class=\"nt\">&lt;strong&gt;</span>This resource is still undergoing development and review by the appropriate Workgroups. At this time, is considered only as a draft resource not suitable for production implementation<span class=\"nt\">&lt;/strong&gt;</span>\n<span class=\"nt\">&lt;/blockquote&gt;</span>\n</pre></div>",
        "id": 175180632,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1567941201
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok thanks. Last place I thought of looking!</p>",
        "id": 175181000,
        "sender_full_name": "Rik Smithies",
        "timestamp": 1567941971
    }
]