[
    {
        "content": "<p>On today's FHIR-I call, we approved a few changes that are substantive but which we believe won't impact any IG development.  We ask that IG developers please review these items and let us know if there are any concerns.  If no concerns are raised by EOD Wed, we'll proceed to apply the changes:</p>\n<ul>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10355\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10355\">10355 - Remove content from Binary summary</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10312\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10312\">10312 - Task.fulfillment.recipients should be singular</a></li>\n<li><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10362\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=10362\">10362 - @value or children isn't tight enough</a></li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 153839583,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1468891564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If other work groups have similar issues, they should raise them in this stream as well</p>",
        "id": 153839584,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1468891585
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>As part of the QA occurring, if a standard extension is discovered that has been moved into the core resource can we remove it, or just document it as deprecated and to use the native element now.</p>",
        "id": 153839612,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1468905791
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(Example is the Organization Alias Standard extension)</p>",
        "id": 153839613,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1468905816
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>propose removing it here, wait 24 hours</p>",
        "id": 153839615,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1468906622
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if no obe objects, remove it </p>",
        "id": 153839616,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1468906634
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Need this for DAF:  <a href=\"http://hl7-fhir.github.io/extension-us-core-race.html\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://hl7-fhir.github.io/extension-us-core-race.html\">http://hl7-fhir.github.io/extension-us-core-race.html</a><br>\nneeds  a cardinality upgrade from 1 to *    Can I preapply this-  DAF has a tracker on this - I know I do - lost in USRealm stuff.</p>",
        "id": 153839904,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1468976541
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>approved - that's not frozen so far as I know</p>",
        "id": 153839909,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1468976731
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Discoverd problem with DeviceUseRequest updates after the freeze.   only had a coded element for what device is being requested.  Needs to be a choice of code or reference to device.  Making a request here to update resource to change element name from 'code' to 'device' and make a choice of <code>CodeableConcept</code> or <code>reference(Device)</code></p>",
        "id": 153839947,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1468993515
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_id=677&amp;tracker_item_id=10117\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_id=677&amp;tracker_item_id=10117\">GF10117</a>. Add Sequence as a Observation.related. The status page says it was pursuasive and resolved, but change required. </p>",
        "id": 153840000,
        "sender_full_name": " Bob Milius",
        "timestamp": 1469022488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So Bob wouldl like us to add it post freeze.  Any objections ?</p>",
        "id": 153840076,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1469050215
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have not heard any objection to my proposed \"fix\" on DeviceUseRequest . post freeze.  I'd like to make the commit this evening if possible.</p>",
        "id": 153840144,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1469068036
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>approved</p>",
        "id": 153840145,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469068233
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Does adding a \"standard\" modifier extension, in general, constitute a substantive change?  I'm thinking that it wouldn't, since it's use is optional, and if it's not understood then the resource instance simply wouldn't (shouldn't) be processed.  But I'm not sure if that's the rule.</p>",
        "id": 153840321,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1469109142
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It wouldn't be a substantive change. </p>",
        "id": 153840326,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1469115023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I haven't heard objections to adding Sequence to Observation.related so going to make that post freeze commit</p>",
        "id": 153840327,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1469115135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> - just thought I should verify</p>",
        "id": 153840338,
        "sender_full_name": "Rob Hausam",
        "timestamp": 1469127245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-email=\"eric@montagesystems.com.au\">@Eric Browne</span> ok</p>",
        "id": 153840352,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469130642
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=6389\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir/tracker/?action=TrackerItemEdit&amp;tracker_item_id=6389\">GF#6389</a> - did we intend this to be made durign the freeze? or after it? I cannot remember. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> </p>",
        "id": 153840393,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469140314
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> It shouldn't impact any profiles, so I don't see a problem . . .</p>",
        "id": 153840429,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1469144820
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll take that as a yes</p>",
        "id": 153840431,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469144869
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but I don't know that it won't affect acy profiles </p>",
        "id": 153840432,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469144880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>at least a few IGs have conformance resources in them</p>",
        "id": 153840433,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469144894
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>PA would like to update the binding of the Account.status propeerty to be a required binding (currently is preferred)</p>",
        "id": 153840434,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1469144923
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Having conformance resources is different from profiling conformance resources.  Adding a new optional element won't affect any existing Conformance instances</p>",
        "id": 153840435,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1469144950
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Brian, that is approved now</p>",
        "id": 153840436,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469145073
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>PA would also like to make a substantive change to remove 2 standard extensions that are now core properties.<br>\nOrganization.alias and Location.alias (which were formerly aliases).</p>",
        "id": 153840438,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1469145347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(or should there be a process for deprecating standard extensions)</p>",
        "id": 153840439,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1469145370
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>search the guides directory to see if anyone is using it (text search is fine)</p>",
        "id": 153840443,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469145581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>if not, approved</p>",
        "id": 153840444,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469145587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If they are using it, would like their profile updated to use the property rather than the extension.<br>\nSo a good thing anyway right?</p>",
        "id": 153840448,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1469145798
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Would that create a build error for them?</p>",
        "id": 153840449,
        "sender_full_name": "Brian Postlethwaite",
        "timestamp": 1469145818
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>don't know. agree they need to change</p>",
        "id": 153840451,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1469145856
    }
]