---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Revamping the &#x27;summary&#x27; tab for structureDefinitions · IG creation"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/index.html">IG creation</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html">Revamping the &#x27;summary&#x27; tab for structureDefinitions</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="239828403"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/239828403" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#239828403">(May 22 2021 at 00:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've also written up a proposed change to the 'Summary' tab for profiles, logical models and extension definitions.  Note - this change will affect all IGs and will be extremely difficult to make configurable, so ideally I'd like unanimous consent to making the change.  Feedback here or in Git.<br>
<a href="https://github.com/HL7/ig-template-base/issues/161">https://github.com/HL7/ig-template-base/issues/161</a>.</p>



<a name="241986195"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/241986195" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#241986195">(Jun 08 2021 at 21:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>when would this be implemented?  (I think making the differential  the default could be done asap)</p>



<a name="241986986"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/241986986" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#241986986">(Jun 08 2021 at 21:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>I haven't got things organized in terms of vetting process yet - so probably early July.</p>



<a name="241989382"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/241989382" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#241989382">(Jun 08 2021 at 21:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>So what I am hearing is we can't just make this change without formally approval from newly formed WG?</p>



<a name="241990804"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/241990804" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#241990804">(Jun 08 2021 at 21:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think it's reasonable to put that WG/process in the way here. This not being an urgent thing, a richer backlog helps make the case for a good process</p>



<a name="242010369"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/242010369" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#242010369">(Jun 09 2021 at 02:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's not a new WG - it's a new project.  Given that it's going to affect everyone - and there's no easy way to make it toggleable, I do think we need a broad consensus around the change.</p>



<a name="242013559"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/242013559" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Eric Haas <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#242013559">(Jun 09 2021 at 03:14)</a>:</h4>
<p>we got 6 <span aria-label="thumbs up" class="emoji emoji-1f44d" role="img" title="thumbs up">:thumbs_up:</span>  on the git page</p>



<a name="242014760"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/242014760" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#242014760">(Jun 09 2021 at 03:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure that's the bar.  I probably would have got 6 thumbs-up on next/prev links too, depending who was paying attention.</p>



<a name="254473769"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/254473769" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#254473769">(Sep 23 2021 at 03:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>We discussed this today and are in agreement about making the change.  The only question outstanding is the appropriate new name for the summary tab.  Proposed name is "Stats and Refs", but we're soliciting alternative names.</p>



<a name="254477644"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/254477644" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#254477644">(Sep 23 2021 at 04:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>We agreed that the 'summary' part wasn't useful? So then, why not just call it 'References'?</p>



<a name="254569515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/254569515" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#254569515">(Sep 23 2021 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>If we're going to drop the stats bit, I'm fine with that.  We might also add a few more sets of references:</p>
<ul>
<li>this profile uses the following other profiles</li>
<li>this profile is used in the following other profiles<br>
(However doing that would be managed under a separate tracker)</li>
</ul>



<a name="254569803"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/254569803" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Grahame Grieve <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#254569803">(Sep 23 2021 at 17:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>the first is already in the summary.  The second is already a fragment waiting for inclusion</p>



<a name="255301414"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179252-IG%20creation/topic/Revamping%20the%20%27summary%27%20tab%20for%20structureDefinitions/near/255301414" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Lloyd McKenzie <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179252-IG-creation/topic/Revamping.20the.20&#x27;summary&#x27;.20tab.20for.20structureDefinitions.html#255301414">(Sep 28 2021 at 21:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Based on further discussion, the proposal has been updated.  Details here: <a href="https://github.com/HL7/ig-template-base/issues/161">https://github.com/HL7/ig-template-base/issues/161</a><br>
Gist: rename "Summary" to "References", move it to second last tab, add "where is this structure referenced from" to the set of references it already exposes.<br>
Feedback welcome.  If no one objects, we'll look to approve next week.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
