[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196359\">@Robert Dieterle</span>  Have there been any meetings working on the endpoint directory stuff yet?  I saw the connectathon track under PDEX.  Is that sort of a kick-off connectathon, or is there a IG product we'll be working on beforehand?   Or are we just starting with VHDir at the connectathon and going from there?</p>",
        "id": 231849308,
        "sender_full_name": "Cooper Thompson",
        "timestamp": 1616695650
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We will start to spin up  an HL7 working meeting over the next two weeks and focus on items that need to be tested at the May connectathon.  The track document is undergoing updates based on the scope of the scenarios we are able to support by middle of May.</p>",
        "id": 231859870,
        "sender_full_name": "Robert Dieterle",
        "timestamp": 1616699691
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196359\">@Robert Dieterle</span>  - for the connectathon next week, are we going right in to testing, or will we mostly be focused on design work for the IG?  Is there IG work in progress already that I've missed?</p>",
        "id": 238683019,
        "sender_full_name": "Cooper Thompson",
        "timestamp": 1620940742
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>we will work on a combination of education (re the proposed implementation guides), development of the endpoint resource, demonstration (the CAQH payer endpoint directory, and testing the proposed updates to the endpoint resource</p>",
        "id": 239000292,
        "sender_full_name": "Robert Dieterle",
        "timestamp": 1621192978
    }
]