[
    {
        "content": "<p>Friendly remainder :) - 6 Eastern</p>",
        "id": 245877932,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1626205921
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is it not 5 eastern? at 6 eastern (12 pm here) i'm <span aria-label=\"sleepy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f62a\" role=\"img\" title=\"sleepy\">:sleepy:</span> <span aria-label=\"sleeping\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f634\" role=\"img\" title=\"sleeping\">:sleeping:</span></p>",
        "id": 245881371,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Egger",
        "timestamp": 1626207582
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sorry, you're right, it was 5 Eastern.  My apologies for creating confusion</p>",
        "id": 245896903,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1626214744
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reminder that there will be a call today @ 5 Eastern to continue working through process.  (Also want to show the work I've done to change the resource metadata table.)</p>",
        "id": 247347420,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1627398993
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>can we add to the agenda the questionnaire form rendering? I want to apply it to a few templates OR to the base</p>",
        "id": 247347802,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1627399140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on now...</p>",
        "id": 247391619,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1627419887
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Unfortunately I canâ€™t make it today.</p>",
        "id": 247391724,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1627419920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191404\">@John Moehrke</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191401\">@Eric Haas</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191916\">@ Bob Milius</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191380\">@Elliot Silver</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191478\">@Oliver Egger</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"196561\">@Nick George</span> ...</p>",
        "id": 247391819,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1627419956
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Minutes from our call: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+IG+Authoring+Minutes+CC+20210727\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+IG+Authoring+Minutes+CC+20210727</a></p>",
        "id": 247404535,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1627427354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just realized I have a conflict with the call today</p>",
        "id": 248269955,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1628019832
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll be running errands, but should be able to join intermitmently.</p>",
        "id": 248270604,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1628020147
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wanted to discuss a few things, nothing urgent. </p>\n<ol>\n<li>do accept volunteers to help in building up the guidance-ig? How should we engage? We create a backlog and the volunteers can help?</li>\n<li>We could make a script to deploy a temporary template to our local cache. that couls solve our troubles of deploying and testing templates</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 248270866,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1628020241
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we certainly accept volunteers to at least make pull requests</p>",
        "id": 248274698,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1628021873
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Reminder that we'll have our regular call today at 5 Eastern</p>",
        "id": 249019100,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1628620991
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Call on today - further discussions about process and agreement on most recent template changes</p>",
        "id": 249776320,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1629233081
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Note that our call will be on today at 5 Eastern as per usual.</p>",
        "id": 255281977,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1632856658
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what's the link?</p>",
        "id": 255298746,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1632862898
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=56649\">http://www.hl7.org/concalls/CallDetails.cfm?concall=56649</a></p>",
        "id": 255299062,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1632863008
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>hasn't been started yet</p>",
        "id": 255299072,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1632863013
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is there a call now?</p>",
        "id": 256318578,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1633467786
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There was - and minutes are here: <a href=\"https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+IG+Authoring+Minutes+CC+20211005\">https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIRI/FHIR+IG+Authoring+Minutes+CC+20211005</a></p>",
        "id": 256348658,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1633487364
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For today's call, can we discuss some issues / tools? I'd like to check on this</p>\n<ul>\n<li>changes to the template to support a hapi docker run (I'll make a branch with that change)<ul>\n<li>how to use and test a template branch</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>how are we with the possibility to reuse content from other IGs</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 257164169,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634025802
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok.  We also want to finish our review of feedback on process.</p>",
        "id": 257199426,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1634044122
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I can't make today's call, but why do templates need a change to support docker? and I'm generally very much against republishing content from other IGs</p>",
        "id": 257257185,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634066280
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>the template change to support docker - it's about <br>\na) generating the application.yaml for hapi<br>\nb) putting the command line e.g. in the Downloads page so that people can copy-paste it and run that on docker</p>",
        "id": 257265635,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634069912
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is application.yaml a standard?</p>",
        "id": 257274036,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634073648
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>you mean if it is a standard, fixed-content file? no. <br>\nIt is a hapi mechanism (out of the box in hapi, afaik)</p>",
        "id": 257279019,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634076307
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, publishing it as part of a standard IG has challenges then. How do you want to use it?</p>",
        "id": 257281286,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634077490
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's the JPA server config file. The IG publisher would generate it so that people can use it to run a pre-configured hapi server<br>\n(not sure that is the question you're asking).</p>",
        "id": 257320034,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634108483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's not part of our standards, and it's tool-specific. Should the IG produce that?  I'd like that, and I don't think a standard can be used there.</p>",
        "id": 257320679,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634108911
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>When is the meeting? I'd like to join</p>",
        "id": 257320688,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634108919
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meeting is every tuesday 11 pm your time. I'll invite you for next week</p>",
        "id": 257320721,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634108952
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think I understand Grahame's point. We do publish OpenAPI because it's a standard. But what do we do with these? Or if I wanted to convert testscripts to Postman format?</p>",
        "id": 257320849,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634109026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yep</p>",
        "id": 257320863,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634109042
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Same discussion</p>",
        "id": 257320873,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634109052
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd think these should be toggleable features in the IG publisher/template.</p>",
        "id": 257320874,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634109053
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Or we could have plugins for the template.</p>",
        "id": 257320912,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634109084
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I tried that but it didn't work, so the alternative now seems to be: enable the base with a few optional features, let the people switch them on or off.</p>",
        "id": 257320937,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634109109
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>There is a 'problem' 'promoting' <a href=\"http://3.party\">3.party</a> tools that are only de facto standards</p>",
        "id": 257320995,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634109144
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So toggling some features sounds like a way forward IMHO</p>",
        "id": 257321064,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634109207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Docker as well is not a standard</p>",
        "id": 257321561,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634109556
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>there's two different questions... generating, and making it part of the spec.</p>",
        "id": 257343816,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634121477
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I like it as a feature, but it should not be integrated into any IG publication. It is a way to use an IG publication, not the publication itself.</p>",
        "id": 257425355,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1634154140
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We've talked about having a link to the LHCForms app from Questionnaire.  I'm not sure this is all that different...</p>",
        "id": 257431797,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1634156657
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that's labelled as an external link. This one wouldn't be, though perhaps we could label it as external anyway, even if it happens to be local? That would clarify that it's a reference of use without being part of the spec</p>",
        "id": 257437401,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634158979
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is the IG publication toolchain considered part of the FHIR standard?</p>",
        "id": 257438540,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634159451
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 257441008,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634160437
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>though lots of it is dictated by the standard</p>",
        "id": 257441030,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634160449
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so its primarily the 'promotion' thing, right?</p>",
        "id": 257441139,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634160484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In my view, the IG publisher is a great platform that can and should support plugins. Whether these plugins get the HL7 branding can be a different thing.</p>",
        "id": 257441366,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634160583
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is the problem that we don't have a good separation between \"this is standard content / presented in a standard way\" and \"these are things you maye be interested in\"...?</p>",
        "id": 257442132,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634160858
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>how's that?</p>",
        "id": 257442183,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634160880
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I don't know, I'm asking if we need to make that split.</p>",
        "id": 257442236,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634160903
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>promoting using docker is promoting a de facto standard - there is little/no harm in that, IMHO</p>",
        "id": 257442364,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634160961
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>i consider that almost the same as using plantuml</p>",
        "id": 257442487,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634161007
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>exemplifying a running FHIR server using docker and eg. HAPI FHIR is a bit more complicated</p>",
        "id": 257442779,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634161129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>in terms of 'promoting', IMHO</p>",
        "id": 257443418,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634161442
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>as <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> points out, we're happy to add implementer collateral that's not part of the spec. We can add this for more than one server, so that's not a problem. It just can't be part of the spec.</p>",
        "id": 257446924,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1634163061
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>should we make clear somehow that this is not part of the spec?</p>",
        "id": 257447168,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634163180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Primarily in the blob of text prior to the link (which should also set expectations about what the auto-generated server will and won't do).  Also, I'm not really understanding how there can really be a single docker for an IG - wouldn't there be one for each CapabilityStatement (or at least each CapabilityStatement that had server capabilities defined)?</p>",
        "id": 257472082,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1634180475
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191320\">@Lloyd McKenzie</span> for now, yes. The capability statement is currently autogenerated by HAPI so with the current setup, it would be the 'joined set' of capabilities that will be exposed</p>",
        "id": 257498320,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634200191
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>An alternative approach would be a docker-compose setup</p>",
        "id": 257498447,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634200245
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd like to put this on a base template branch so that we can iterate from a first draft. Is that ok?</p>",
        "id": 257511957,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634207023
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At least in theory, you might have CapabilityStatements where one server is required to have a function and another is prohibited from having it, so squishing everything into one server seems problematic to me...</p>",
        "id": 257525185,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1634214187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, there arequestions and challenges. By making a branch, I definitely don't mean discussion is over, just to get this started.</p>",
        "id": 257530474,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634216522
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Perhaps we have to indeed pick the CapStatements for which this to be is produced (I recalll some preliminary discussions there but no conclusions).</p>",
        "id": 257530511,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1634216524
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'd favor getting some feedback using what <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191832\">@Jose Costa Teixeira</span> has already built. If you are in a need of having to host multiple CapStmt's, then just instantiate more containers - remember - they can be used for test purposes and are not qualified for much more than that</p>",
        "id": 257581396,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634235689
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's get this setup out there and hear if it is useful to others.</p>",
        "id": 257581682,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634235808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could even retag the container and republish it under a specific tag to see how often the feature is used ;)</p>",
        "id": 257581863,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1634235863
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For our next call, before the front matter discussions, can we address the \"server launch\" thing? To see if we should invite the central europeans that have a normal sleep pattern.</p>",
        "id": 261433200,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1636916728
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sure.  Though we'll also have some TSC reps showing up I believe.</p>",
        "id": 261434715,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1636918763
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>what is server launch?</p>",
        "id": 261523033,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Haas",
        "timestamp": 1636994178
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>it's when the IG creates a configuration file that can be used to deploy a server that implements that IG (of whatever part of the IG can be implemented automatically - CapStatements, profiles, instances, terminology)</p>",
        "id": 261526462,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1636995696
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Do we have an agenda for today?</p>",
        "id": 261689607,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637089166
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think we'll have TSC folks on the call, so I guess bring them up to speed, then tackle front matter, approve the example rendering enhancements Grahame has already made?, discussion of 'pure differential' and whether we want to punt it to FHIR-I and - if we get through all of that, perhaps a discussion of front matter/how to support publishing 'special' logical models</p>",
        "id": 261692612,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1637090378
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Order of the above we can figure out based on who's on the call and relative priorities.</p>",
        "id": 261692649,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1637090401
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I wouldn't mind a discussion of rendering contained resources.</p>",
        "id": 261693299,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1637090683
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>That would be good.  I'd like to <em>not</em> make them separate pages if we can - just incorporate the narrative blocks for each contained resource onto the narrative page.</p>",
        "id": 261693793,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1637090886
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>but it's not just narrative blocks. There's resource type specific things that we do and add to the page</p>",
        "id": 261695297,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1637091564
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>e.g. value set expansions</p>",
        "id": 261695375,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1637091596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right. I have a few priority items too, but I'm happy if we prioritize the TSC reps catch-up and the changes that are alredy implemented.</p>",
        "id": 261696041,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637091854
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So no server launch discussion today - that's a pity but then we don't need to ask <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191427\">@Jens Villadsen</span> to join</p>",
        "id": 261696151,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637091907
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Discussion on rendering contained resources - is there a gh issue for that?</p>",
        "id": 261696244,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637091953
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/HL7/fhir-ig-publisher/issues/228\">https://github.com/HL7/fhir-ig-publisher/issues/228</a> is where I entered my issues last year.</p>",
        "id": 261701257,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1637094097
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks. We should perhaps try to adjust the priorities of the issues we think we can discuss first</p>",
        "id": 261702064,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637094485
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ill focus on nordic and EU stuff then</p>",
        "id": 261704940,
        "sender_full_name": "Jens Villadsen",
        "timestamp": 1637095851
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Calling dibs on agenda topics -my top 3 today as they would unblock a set of nice things - besides the LM instance: </p>\n<ol>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/HL7/fhir-ig-publisher/issues/336\">allow the release-update process to skip the manual y/n prompt</a> </li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/HL7/fhir-ig-publisher/issues/311\">allow importing of other artifacts into an IG</a> - what would be the impact on packages? </li>\n<li>Server launch</li>\n</ol>",
        "id": 261722282,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637104857
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I made a PR for #1 above - I tested and it meets my need, <br>\nBut I do not know if the code is following any <em>good coding practices in Java</em></p>",
        "id": 261984502,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1637266686
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is there a call today?</p>",
        "id": 265719638,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1640111736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no</p>",
        "id": 265816193,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1640186488
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks for that timely response... ;-)</p>",
        "id": 265816886,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1640186861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We will have our call today</p>",
        "id": 266867749,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1641332474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ready when you are</p>",
        "id": 266870142,
        "sender_full_name": "John Moehrke",
        "timestamp": 1641333781
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>is there a call today?</p>",
        "id": 270280095,
        "sender_full_name": "Jose Costa Teixeira",
        "timestamp": 1643747351
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I assume so.</p>",
        "id": 270287701,
        "sender_full_name": "Elliot Silver",
        "timestamp": 1643750090
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yup</p>",
        "id": 270288018,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643750194
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>In 45 min.</p>",
        "id": 270288046,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643750204
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'll miss it today</p>",
        "id": 270289153,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1643750587
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We spent most of our time on this issue: <a href=\"https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-20385\">https://jira.hl7.org/browse/FHIR-20385</a><br>\nWe have a proposed resolution, however parts require broader review so will hopefully take it up w/ FHIR-I on Monday.</p>",
        "id": 270306883,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1643758247
    }
]