---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · meeting time · Security and Privacy"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179247-Security-and-Privacy/index.html">Security and Privacy</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179247-Security-and-Privacy/topic/meeting.20time.html">meeting time</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="179344191"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179247-Security%20and%20Privacy/topic/meeting%20time/near/179344191" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179247-Security-and-Privacy/topic/meeting.20time.html#179344191">(Oct 29 2019 at 16:04)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi FHIR and Security community<br>
We have not been getting good attendance at the scheduled FHIR Security call. I want to find a better time to hold these weekly meetings. I want to get more participation from those that are addressing security problems.  <br>
Looking for those interested, so that I can assure a doodle poll starts with a good core group.<br>
These topics include some discussions that have popped up on zulip, but have never been brought to the security workgroup</p>
<ul>
<li>Basic Provenance in FHIR</li>
<li>AuditEvent supporting Patient Empowerment</li>
<li>Additional guidance for the core security pages</li>
<li>Security around FHIR Subscription </li>
<li>Security around bulk-data access</li>
<li>Security around multi-organization interactions (e.g. HIE)</li>
<li>App dynamic registration</li>
<li>Updating of SMART-on-FHIR with next kind of use-case (tbd)</li>
<li>Templating of IG to drive Security Considerations</li>
<li>Templating of IG to drive consistent use of Provenance, AuditEvent, and Signatures</li>
<li>Definition of a new Resource for Permission use-cases </li>
<li>Creation of a library of security/privacy focused IG that can be included in 'other' IG as modular security solutions (similar to how SMART-on-FHIR is used today, but supporting other security models). This might be where the subscription, bulk-data, and multi-organization solutions are organized for easy use.</li>
</ul>
<p>First I want to get in touch with people who might want to participate. From that group we will define a set of potential timeslots to put into a doodle poll to find a new timeslot. Please contact me directly if you are interested in the above topics.<br>
If no one shows interest, then the above items will continue to be dreams...</p>



<a name="180375445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179247-Security%20and%20Privacy/topic/meeting%20time/near/180375445" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179247-Security-and-Privacy/topic/meeting.20time.html#180375445">(Nov 10 2019 at 19:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here is a doodle poll looking for weekly meeting time <a href="https://www.doodle.com/poll/4rtybz87rqf5f8ra" target="_blank" title="https://www.doodle.com/poll/4rtybz87rqf5f8ra">https://www.doodle.com/poll/4rtybz87rqf5f8ra</a></p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
