---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · tooling meeting @ wgm · tooling"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/index.html">tooling</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html">tooling meeting @ wgm</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="153933193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling%20meeting%20%40%20wgm/near/153933193" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html#153933193">(Jan 30 2018 at 01:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Can someone please tell me where is the meeting today? It is at 8:00, right?</p>



<a name="153933477"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling%20meeting%20%40%20wgm/near/153933477" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Michel Rutten <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html#153933477">(Jan 30 2018 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191832">@Jose Costa Teixeira</span>, the birds of a feather session about registry &amp; simplifier is scheduled tonight _after_ the corepoint event at 19:30 in St. James. Join us!</p>



<a name="153933478"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling%20meeting%20%40%20wgm/near/153933478" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Jose Costa Teixeira <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html#153933478">(Jan 30 2018 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="191336">@Michel Rutten</span> Will be there, thanks</p>



<a name="153934038"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling%20meeting%20%40%20wgm/near/153934038" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> John Moehrke <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html#153934038">(Jan 31 2018 at 02:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Missed it, sorry. Are there notes? handouts?</p>



<a name="153934135"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling%20meeting%20%40%20wgm/near/153934135" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joel Schneider <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/179239-tooling/topic/tooling.20meeting.20.40.20wgm.html#153934135">(Jan 31 2018 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>It was mostly a Q&amp;A session, with some live demo elements, to roll out the new <a href="http://simplifier.net" target="_blank" title="http://simplifier.net">simplifier.net</a> and <a href="http://registry.fhir.org" target="_blank" title="http://registry.fhir.org">registry.fhir.org</a> capabilities being made available to HL7 workgroups.</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
