---
layout: page
title: "FHIR Chat  · Vocabulary alignment · omop + fhir oncology"
---

{% raw %}<h2>Stream: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/index.html">omop + fhir oncology</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html">Vocabulary alignment</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://chat.fhir.org">

<head><link href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="268434090"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268434090" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> May Terry <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268434090">(Jan 18 2022 at 18:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Cutting and pasting into a new topic rather than in housekeeping scheduling and meeting minutes coordination...</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="340004">@Davera Gabriel</span> said:<br>
Hello @May Terry Is there a link to the mapping work you have underway. Specifically, we in the Terminologies subgroup are interested in the concepts and Value Sets you are finding a challenge to accommodate*_</p>



<a name="268434716"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268434716" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> May Terry <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268434716">(Jan 18 2022 at 18:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm currently synthesizing the mCODE vocab discrepancies into patterns or types of semantic alignment issues which should be generalized, and apply to multiple IGs, not just cancer-related.<br>
In the meantime, Vocab can address and sync-up how to handle US Core or FHIR base resource value sets?  Two examples that you can start considering regardless of cancer or specific to one health domain:</p>
<ul>
<li>How is this group going to handle US Core race and ethnicity codes? (specific to US Core)</li>
<li>Condition.clinicalStatus? (represented in the Condition base resource)</li>
</ul>



<a name="268436737"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268436737" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268436737">(Jan 18 2022 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="192302">May Terry</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/302239-omop-.2B.20fhir.20oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment/near/268434716">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I'm currently synthesizing the mCODE vocab discrepancies into patterns or types of semantic alignment issues which should be generalized, and apply to multiple IGs, not just cancer-related.<br>
In the meantime, Vocab can address and sync-up how to handle US Core or FHIR base resource value sets?  Two examples that you can start considering regardless of cancer or specific to one health domain:</p>
<ul>
<li>How is this group going to handle US Core race and ethnicity codes? (specific to US Core)</li>
<li>Condition.clinicalStatus? (represented in the Condition base resource)</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>Something you should do <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192302">@May Terry</span> is log JIRA tickets for each issue / class of issues.  In this way your mission to address each globally and not just in the context of the OMOP + FHIR oncology use case will be achieved.</p>



<a name="268441771"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268441771" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> May Terry <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268441771">(Jan 18 2022 at 19:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Log tickets against which HL7 specification or project on <a href="http://jira.hl7.org">jira.hl7.org</a>?</p>



<a name="268444611"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268444611" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268444611">(Jan 18 2022 at 19:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>you are pointing to a good gap... does your subgroup project have a PSS that's been approved by the TSC?</p>



<a name="268449349"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268449349" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> May Terry <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268449349">(Jan 18 2022 at 20:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>mCODE has a PSS and 2 STU publications under that PSS, however these issues I just mentioned are not specific to mCODE. Subsequently, it makes no sense to put it there because it's not an issue with mCODE but with the HL7-OHDSI partnership in aligning FHIR and OMOP.  <br>
A JIRA project of vocabulary issues related to the HL7-OHDSI partnership should be created by the FHIR-OMOP Vocab subgroup - especially if they are to be triaging, synthesizing, and managing issues from multiple FHIR-OMOP use cases. This is similar to what HTA does, but you don't want to put it there because this is likely out of scope to what their charter is. <br>
At minimum, it might make sense for you to create a JIRA project as well as a process of how to submit and track issues. Then advertise it to the rest of the FHIR-OMOP use case teams.<br>
Once this is done then, I can add it there.</p>



<a name="268548484"></a>
<h4><a href="https://chat.fhir.org#narrow/stream/302239-omop%20%2B%20fhir%20oncology/topic/Vocabulary%20alignment/near/268548484" class="zl"><img src="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Davera Gabriel <a href="https://fhir.github.io/chat-archive/stream/302239-omop-+-fhir-oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment.html#268548484">(Jan 19 2022 at 14:40)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="192302">May Terry</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/302239-omop-.2B.20fhir.20oncology/topic/Vocabulary.20alignment/near/268449349">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>mCODE has a PSS and 2 STU publications under that PSS, however these issues I just mentioned are not specific to mCODE. Subsequently, it makes no sense to put it there because it's not an issue with mCODE but with the HL7-OHDSI partnership in aligning FHIR and OMOP.  <br>
A JIRA project of vocabulary issues related to the HL7-OHDSI partnership should be created by the FHIR-OMOP Vocab subgroup - especially if they are to be triaging, synthesizing, and managing issues from multiple FHIR-OMOP use cases. This is similar to what HTA does, but you don't want to put it there because this is likely out of scope to what their charter is. <br>
At minimum, it might make sense for you to create a JIRA project as well as a process of how to submit and track issues. Then advertise it to the rest of the FHIR-OMOP use case teams.<br>
Once this is done then, I can add it there.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I quite agree with your assertions <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="192302">@May Terry</span> ... I am doing some follow-up this week.  More soon</p>


{% endraw %}
<hr><p>Last updated: Apr 12 2022 at 19:14 UTC</p>
