[
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191982\">@Ted Klein</span> ok here: <a href=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/\">https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/</a></p>",
        "id": 166338906,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558596597
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>let's start with: what pages do we need to add to this?</p>",
        "id": 166338966,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558596660
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>This looks mighty sweet so far, Grahame.   Ideally, I'd like to have tabs in each of the Code Systems and Value Sets pages for the groups of resources that we have in separate groups in Git now (and are read in by the local Vocab Tx Server:  V2, V3, Unified, CDA, FHIR, and External (non-HL7).   I need to write the text for the part above the links of course.     We also need to figure out when if makes sense to move some of the FHIR stuff that was changed to <a href=\"http://terminology.hl7.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://terminology.hl7.org\">terminology.hl7.org</a> for R4 to the UTG Git as well (might need to add some extensions for the provenance tracking, not sure yet)</p>",
        "id": 166388090,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1558637022
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>do we really want to have tabs? THey're not my favourite thing.</p>",
        "id": 166491933,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558733273
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>currently, the navigation bar across the top has </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Home | Code Systems | ValueSets | Concept Maps | Naming Systems | Downloads</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Wouldn't we be better to have </p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Home | v2 | V3  | CDA | FHIR | External | other </p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>?</p>",
        "id": 166492066,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558733347
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Naming Systems aren't specific to any product family.  ConceptMaps may well cross families.  So I think the current navigation bar is correct</p>",
        "id": 166499558,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1558741800
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Within ValueSets and CodeSystems, it's useful to be able to navigate by family, though there should also be an \"everything\" view.</p>",
        "id": 166499615,
        "sender_full_name": "Lloyd McKenzie",
        "timestamp": 1558741828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> What Lloyd said. :-).   Agreed they are not the best, but the goal is to eventually have all the content be across all families; the process of unification of content will be to merge stuff that was developed independently and thus is different today, but has no business purpose for being different in general.  This has already been done for a few items, like ObservationInterpretation.    For now, each of the product families will have a manifest of the objects that are published as part of that family; note that the sets are not entirely disjoint, ie V2 published with the V2 Standard some V3 code systems and value sets, FHIR publishes some V2 and some V3, etc - CDA is the same.  Many of the families use various \"External\" stuff, e.g. the CDC MVX and CVX, HSLOC, etc.  What is why we have a manifest for the External as well.  One of the very next things to do is to build the CDA manifest (once SD lets me know what actually should be in it), the overall full External manifest, and the FHIR manifest (for the FHIR objects that are to live in <a href=\"http://terminology.hl7.org\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://terminology.hl7.org\">terminology.hl7.org</a></p>",
        "id": 166528801,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1558793234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"191316\">@Grahame Grieve</span> Also been thinking about what you said about the name; agreed.    But there is benefit to having a short and sweet rolls-off-the-tongue name or acronym...I'm thinking right now (first random though in my cluttered head) \"Unified HL7 Terminology\" which could then be called UHT (\"ooohtt\". LOL).  On top of that, I am assuming I need to write a LOT of the boilerplate text to head up the tabs on top, and also in the Home tab page.    I am happy to begin doing that; let me know how and when and in what form I can supply the text to you. (I am thinking that the base text pages should be in Git also and IGPublisher can just suck them out, changes can just be posted, but maybe that is a bad idea...?)</p>",
        "id": 166528950,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1558793462
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok check <a href=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/codesystems.html\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/codesystems.html\">https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/UTG/codesystems.html</a></p>",
        "id": 166560364,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558849445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>sorting is definitely something we need to discuss</p>",
        "id": 166560421,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1558849497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes we need to discuss sorting.  Also, what about the boilerplate text?</p>",
        "id": 166727970,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1559057551
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, what pages do we think we need?</p>",
        "id": 166756584,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1559075649
    },
    {
        "content": "<ul>\n<li>landing page: index + introductory information</li>\n<li>downloads page - all the different packages you might want</li>\n<li>background page - description of how things work</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 166756617,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1559075702
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>?</p>",
        "id": 166756635,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1559075707
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok. if you add this extension to the list resource it will drive the creation of a subset package:</p>",
        "id": 167468648,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1559815927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>&lt;extension url=\"<a href=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/list-packageId\" target=\"_blank\" title=\"http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/list-packageId\">http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/list-packageId</a>\"&gt;<br>\n    &lt;extension url=\"id\"&gt;<br>\n      &lt;valueString value=\"hl7.fhir.terminology.v2\"/&gt;<br>\n    &lt;/extension&gt;<br>\n    &lt;extension url=\"name\"&gt;<br>\n      &lt;valueString value=\"V2 subset of HL7 Terminology\"/&gt;<br>\n    &lt;/extension&gt;<br>\n  &lt;/extension&gt;</p>",
        "id": 167468649,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1559815927
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>so where are? I think I've done the infrastructural stuff, but now we need to do the actual editing?</p>",
        "id": 168285707,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1560752349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>OK I understand that will support the subset stuff for IGpublisher (for the publish-control manifests in LIST resources)</p>",
        "id": 168445998,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1560885202
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also assume that for all the subset manifests that extension will be needed?</p>",
        "id": 168446050,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1560885242
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We still need the separate tabs (all, v2, v3, and once we get the manifests implemented cad and FHIR) for value sets as well as the code systems.  I would like to also use this capability to generate browsable page of a proposa iln flight, will need to discuss details with you.  We are NOT going to reimplement Git obviously, I am working on how I think the workflow can come together with the pieces we have.</p>",
        "id": 168446266,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1560885373
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also want to begin putting together the \"actual editing\" by which I think you mean the text blobs for the generated pages, boilerplate for the tabs, etc.  I have no idea what format it needs to be in or what process you need in order for me to begin creating it.</p>",
        "id": 168447017,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1560885905
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>well, it needs to either html or markdown</p>",
        "id": 168450116,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1560888103
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>probably the easiest process is if we figure out what pages we need, I create the stubs and navigation between them, and then you fill the pages out</p>",
        "id": 168450192,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1560888135
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>that absolutely works.    Let me take a stab at identifying which places we need the pages, should not be difficult.</p>",
        "id": 168516145,
        "sender_full_name": "Ted Klein",
        "timestamp": 1560957469
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>ok</p>",
        "id": 168549895,
        "sender_full_name": "Grahame Grieve",
        "timestamp": 1560982016
    }
]